item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5140	Andromeda is not the only black figure in art that this has happened to, far from it.
item5141	 The primary cause was Mr. Trump’s refusal to sign off on Congressional appropriations bills unless lawmakers agreed to hand over five dollars.
item5142	Fiftysix million of this being imports from Pakistan, according to Commerce Ministry data.
item5143	To scan his notebooks is to witness time and again one image morphing effortlessly into another ninetysix the spiral of a nautilus shell spinning into a womans coiffure.
item5144	However, CDs cant be recycled because theyre made of mixed materials, which are difficult and uneconomical to separate into their component parts for recycling.
item5145	Yet we persist in the conviction that qualitatively defined stone tool technologies can really map out a complex process that took ten times longer than the time from the birth of Christ to today.
item5146	In what heinous manner had the three men waged war against the government, which justified a sentence of life imprisonment? A perusal of the sixour ty f-page-long judgment reveals the following.
item5147	Books such as Pachecos were used as reference guides for painters on how to paint who and what ninetysix so its easy to see how his views could have spread.
item5148	 While the order listing ten agencies does not introduce any new rule for surveillance, the latter envisages new obligations on service providers. 
item5149	 While the MNF has come to power on its own, without an alliance with the BJP, its membership in the NEDA means it is an ally of the BJP for all practical purposes. 
item5150	"There's still tonnes to be learned from these evolutionary marvels, including information that will potentially be useful to fight cancer and age-related diseases, and improve wound-healing treatments in humans, as we uncover how these animals do it.
item5151	 But beyond underlining China’s technological advances, Chang’e-four could herald a new chapter in lunar exploration. 
item5152	Symbolising a young African continent that had come to join Europe and Asia in Christianity, he was used as an example of bringing the world together in the end times.
item5153	 Much of the film focuses on Pablo’s struggles with his wife, his mother and the church.
item5154	 He has been opposing what he calls Ms. Bedi’s high-handedness and tendency to interfere in the administration.
item5155	Tests are yet to be undertaken.
item5156	 And she confesses moving on from fear to curiosity in her relationship with him.
item5157	 Instead, it focuses on the way of life of a few gentle folks who live in the far-off land.
item5158	In northern Europe, more than ninty percent of people are lactase persistent.
item5159	We can't say one end is healthy or unhealthy yet, but we suspect that those who are eating a diet rich in fruits and vegetables have very healthy microbiomes, he says.
item5160	Implement fair compensation practices
item5161	On average, women earn seventy seven point nine percent of what men earn.
item5162	 Once experience, industry, and job level are factored in, a woman still only earns ninety seven point eight percent of what an equally qualified man with the same job earns.
item5163	 If you want to attract, hire, and retain top-tier talent, you need to compensate them fairly—regardless of gender.
item5164	 A formal employee compensation strategy can help.
item5165	 Utilize data to set compensation bands for each position, and consider each employee’s experience, skills, education, and performance to determine where they should fall within that band.
item5166	 Explain your compensation offer with each employee, and provide development opportunities so each employee understands how they can earn salary increases and promotions.
item5167	 Doing so will make compensation much more strategic, transparent, and fair.
item5168	Learn from exit interviews
item5169	Exit interviews are useful to understand why people are leaving, so you can improve the ways in which you hire and retain talent.
item5170	 If you’re working toward gender diversity in the workplace, you can also dig into your data to understand the differences in why men and women are leaving your organization.
item5171	 This can provide insights that are unique to your company, and allow you to monitor your progress over time.
item5172	 If, for instance, you learn that women are less satisfied with compensation than men, you can take steps to improve your compensation strategy, and see how perceptions change over the course of a year.
item5173	Final thoughts
item5174	While this is by no means an exhaustive list, these are all things you should consider when working toward gender diversity in the workplace.
item5175	 Let your current employees guide your efforts, as they can provide valuable insights into what you organization is doing well, and where there’s room for improvement.
item5176	 Also consider how gender diverse your company is overall, as well at the team-level and seniority-level.
item5177	 If you want to build a world-class team, you will want to see gender diversity make progress across the board.