item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5374	 Following heavy snow and landslides, they had been stranded for two weeks on the Zoji La, a pass which connects Kargil in Ladakh with Srinagar, their final stop.
item5375	I would not skip that part, because learning about the people and culture will motivate me to keep up with the rest of my learning.
item5376	 Indeed, it is vitally important that the courts, above all, remain free of this discourse, because it is the courts that are tasked with protecting the rights of precisely those individuals who are demonised and vilified by the ruling majority of the day.
item5377	Traditional manufacturing of mechanical parts involves making a mould and then stamping out parts by thousands every day. 
item5378	 Egypt similarly benefits from the strategic partnership it signed with China, bringing trade flows and investment.
item5379	 By repeatedly emphasising that the BJP and the Congress are birds of the same feather, she has avoided fencing herself in one camp.
item5380	 In particular, the court cautioned that vaguely-worded provisions of these statutes would have to be read narrowly and precisely, and in accordance with the Constitution. 
item5381	 This principle is known as the Most Favoured Nation treatment.
item5382	Theres a lot of different sources of food, so its surprising that one source of food is so important, so different from other sorts of food, says Segurel.
item5383	Sad songs low valence, low energy appear in the bottom left corner of the chart, happy songs high valence, high energy in the top right, angry songs low valence, high energy on the top left and calm songs high valence, low energy in the bottom right.
item5384	 Expected negotiations, perhaps, in the mid nineteen th century India that it is set in.
item5385	It is one of history's ultimate distortions, perhaps the greatest of them all.
item5386	It is not clear why the police is not content with prosecuting them under laws that ban cow slaughter. 
item5387	The detention of a journalist in Manipur under the stringent National Security Act for a social media post is a clear instance of misuse of power and a blatant violation of his rights as a citizen. 
item5388	But dont expect a huge, immediate lift in your mood, and try not to keep on questioning how you are feeling.
item5389	 The MNF faces the task of diversifying the economy, given the disproportionately large section of the population dependent on agriculture and horticulture. 
item5390	Just like exercise or musical instruments, people recommend a shorter amount of practice time on a regular basis rather than larger chunks on a more sporadic basis.
item5391	 This round of conflict between Puducherry Chief Minister V.Narayanasamy and Lt. Governor Kiran Bedi has been more serious than those in the past.
item5392	Science has not yet defined what a healthy microbiome looks like, and a conclusion appears some way off yet.
item5393	Swallow suspects that the key may have been milks nutritional benefits, such as that it is rich in fat, protein, sugar and micronutrients like calcium and vitamin D.
item5394	Administration of veterinary care
item5395	Origin of livestock: Organic livestock must be from livestock under continuous organic management from the last third of gestation or hatching
item5396	Organic poultry must be under continuous organic management beginning no later than the second day of life
item5397	Milk or milk products must be from animals that have been under continuous organic management beginning no later than one year prior to milk production.
item5398	Organic production is managed with the intent to integrate cultural, biological and mechanical practices to promote the cycling of resources, promote ecological balance and biodiversity. 
item5399	Practices help to protect the soil, groundwater, provide health promoting conditions for animals and ultimately help promote the health of the consumer.
item5400	TheNational Listprovides a list of allowed and prohibited substances for organically grown meat, poultry, eggs and dairy.