item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8021	 May formed a minority government after the two thousand seventeen polls. 
item8022	Leonardos determination to create such a subversive symbol not once, but twice suggests just how important it was for him to bear witness, however subtle or encoded, to the beautifully blasphemous truth of nature.
item8023	That way, workers can enjoy the benefits of early rising, but avoid burnout.
item8024	 One is with the Taliban, which is mostly attacking government offices and soldiers. 
item8025	 Eventually it is good to see Anandi come into her own, the tough love of Gopalrao notwithstanding.
item8026	 In the early nineteen twenty s, Mahatma Gandhi famously wrote that the freedom of association is truly respected when assemblies of people can discuss even revolutionary projects, and noted that the state's right to intervene was limited to situations involving actual outbreak of revolution.
item8027	But what exactly does it take to become a World Heritage site?
item8028	its leadership has to denounce the gross misuse of the law to mollify cow vigilantes and the short-sighted aim of neutralising the BJP's campaign that the Congress is against Hindu beliefs. 
item8029	Scientists think they may be one step closer to finding out answers about one of the greatest mysteries of Stonehenge - a world-famous, five thousand -year-old stone monument in Salisbury in the south of England.
item8030	"Genome instability is a very important issue in many serious human diseases," says study co-leader Dr Mahmood Shivji.
item8031	However, a combination of science and art, with a pinch of Indian entrepreneurship thrown in, will allow us to develop a manufacturing ecosystem that will not only allow India to compete with global manufacturing, 
item8032	 Opening the Turtuk-Khapula road will go a long way in healing the wounds of war here.
item8033	Desler also points to teachers who begin classes with mindfulness exercises or deploy meditation when students need to concentrate.
item8034	Wherever you look, you see books about how happiness is good for you, and how you basically should make yourself happier, almost as a duty, she says.
item8035	The most extreme case might be Mark Wahlberg, who wakes up at two thirty to exercise, play golf, pray and recover in a ninetysixone hundred C cryochamber.
item8036	 That said, the scale of that impact is questionable.
item8037	Instead, they take their own lives.
item8038	 Ironically, ESIC is a welfare organisation working to protect the health and well-being of the labour sector, and is expected to set an example through the quality of its facilities. 
item8039	But there is more to the seeming simplicity; complex characters and relationships, for instance.
item8040	That said, there is clearly a pattern behind which populations evolved high levels of lactase persistence and which didnt, says genetics professor Dallas Swallow of University College London.
item8041	The Story of Krishna's Parents: A long time ago, there was a King named Ugrasen, who had two children  a son named Kansa and a daughter named Devaki.
item8042	 Devaki was a gentle person, but Kansa was evil.
item8043	 When he grew up, he put his father in jail and took over the king's throne, while his sister got married to King Vasudev.
item8044	One fine day, Kansa heard a warning from the skies (akashvaani)  The eighth son of your sister will one day grow up to kill you.? 
item8045	This shook the evil Kansa to the core, and he wanted to kill his sister.
item8046	 But Vasudev begged for her life and agreed to let Kansa kill their eighth child.
item8047	 Kansa imprisoned his own sister and her husband.
item8048	 The eighth child of the couple was Lord Krishna, who survived all the attempts Kansa made to kill him, and eventually vanquished his evil Uncle.
item8049	Moral  If you are evil and have evil intentions, you will be punished for your sins.
item8050	 Always be positive and think of doing good deeds to others.
