item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7288	What else is in the waste strategy?
item7289	In fact, depending on the person, it could end up having a negative effect.
item7290	At the precise centre of both paintings, glinting at us underappreciated for half a millennium, is a polished brooch that keeps Marys cloak from slipping off her shoulders.
item7291	But the gap between the two would have increased by a huge margin.
item7292	 The Queqiao satellite was launched last May by China for the very purpose of helping Chang’e-four communicate with earth, as a direct communication with it is not possible from the moon’s far side, which never faces earth. 
item7293	According to the Old Testament, Moses married a Cushite, an Ethiopian, and in Jacob Jordaens depiction of Moses and his Ethiopian wife in sixteen fifty , the couple confront, indeed might even seem to challenge, the very prejudices of the spectator.
item7294	But McGraths article was definitive in addressing three things: that all the Greek mythographers placed Andromeda as a princess of Ethiopia, that Ovid specifically refers to her dark skin and that artists throughout Western art history frequently omitted to depict her blackness because Andromeda was supposed to be beautiful, and blackness and beauty ninetysix for many of them ninetysix was dichotomous.
item7295	The collapse of our civilisation is not inevitable.
item7296	The Maharashtra government should conduct a thorough probe and examine the claim made by the Fire Department that the hospital had failed an inspection recently and was served a notice. 
item7297	The huge influence that Western art history has had on our imaginations when it comes to visualising figures from the Bible or classics is arguably one that needs constant interrogation.
item7298	Preliminary investigation has confirmed the well-entrenched system of illicit liquor vends that are known to exist in the region; several factories producing hooch in U. P. were unearthed within a couple of days of the episode. 
item7299	Public services crumble and disorder ensues as government loses control of its monopoly on violence.
item7300	 Mr. Trump frequently alludes to the migration crisis that he believes has engulfed the southern border.
item7301	 Today, events have turned a full circle under Mr. Sisi’s firm grip on the levers of power.
item7302	In the din over the Bharatiya Janata Party’s losses to the Congress in three States in the Hindi heartland, the dismal defeat of the ruling Congress party to the Mizo National Front in Mizoram has gone insufficiently noticed. 
item7303	Why should this be significant? It all has to do with the spread of our ancestors and the extinction of the Neanderthals.
item7304	 This group recognises the importance of a soft border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. 
item7305	In addition Elizabeth McGrath sees seventeen th-Century Antwerp as fairly open-minded.
item7306	 Public order, national unity and social or religious harmony are the principles commonly invoked against the practice of literary freedom. 
item7307	But are those volumes only setting people up for disappointment?
item7308	Our next pick is yet another classic.
item7309	 The one story with the mouse and the lioness never gets old and yet ends up teaching kids a wonderful lesson that should stay with them and help them grow.
item7310	The lioness, as we know, is fierce, proud, and tends to look down upon smaller animals.
item7311	 One such lioness was once skirting the jungle when a thorn pricked her paw.
item7312	 Being proud, the lioness decided not to ask for help.
item7313	 She went around the jungle, getting weaker and bleeding.
item7314	One day, she chanced upon a humble mouse.
item7315	 The lioness was in a lot of pain.
item7316	 The mouse, though quite scared, was courageous enough to offer help.
item7317	 The little mouse after much pain and holds it together for long enough and managed to pull out the thorn from the lioness’s paw and freed her from pain.
item7318	Even though the lioness was so big and powerful, and the mouse was so tiny and humble, it was the mouse’s kind gesture that saved the lioness’s life.
item7319	Moral Of The Story:Be humble and never forget that size is no guarantee of power or usefulness.