item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7825	Milk, it seems, is not down and out.
item7826	There is little doubt that the life sentence of Arwinder Singh, Surjit Singh and Ranjit Singh cannot stand the test of law. 
item7827	Lisa Meneghetti, a data analyst from Treviso, Italy, is a hyperpolyglot, meaning she is fluent in six or more languages - in her case English, French, Swedish, Spanish, Russian and Italian.
item7828	 But frequent tweaks to the structure, and an impression that rates can be altered by lobbying the powers-that-be, risk ruining the promise the GST held for investors wary of India: a predictable, simple and stable tax regime. 
item7829	This can be difficult, because there is no strict definition of civilisation, nor an overarching database of their births and deaths.
item7830	 On the one hand is the constant threat of abandonment and turmoil that Anandi faces from Gopalrao, on the other is their unique journey together with books as companions.
item7831	 This is not the meeting point of the Atlantic and Pacific.
item7832	 Global stocks have been pricing in these very real risks, particularly with major central banks such as the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank remaining on the path to normalise interest rates from near-historic lows. 
item7833	 While Mr. Trump’s supporters are doubtless celebrating their Commander-in-Chief’s chutzpah for this move, the truth is that it will only take the U.S. further away from the ideal of peaceful coexistence within a pluralistic democracy.
item7834	They ride scooters and motorcycles through the narrow cobblestoned alleys of Naples, firing guns at rival gangs, picking up girlfriends, drinking, and snorting cocaine.
item7835	This chart would be familiar to music psychologists, who often visualise feelings in terms of valence and energy or arousal, and divide them into quadrants based on four basic emotions: sadness, happiness, anger and calm.
item7836	Each of these has been trending steeply upwards.
item7837	Thats the big puzzle, says Segurel.
item7838	Dedicated in AD one hundred thirteen , it was built to commemorate two successful campaigns that the Emperor Trajan waged against the Dacians, a barbarian tribe from modern-day Romania.
item7839	Nearly all hearing aid manufacturers now use additive manufacturing. 
item7840	But recently theres been some scepticism about this, with researchers saying the phenomenon is merely a response to variations in the brightness of the other persons eyes up close, when the other persons pupils dilate, this increases the darkness of the scene, thus causing your pupils to dilate too.
item7841	 The clerics had gathered to mark the birth anniversary of Prophet Mohammed when the suicide bomber blew himself up. 
item7842	There is no reason to believe that greater size is armour against societal dissolution.
item7843	Cheese, which is essentially milk that has been allowed to go off, can still make many Chinese people feel sick.
item7844	Yet the early alarm clock may not work for everyone ninetysix it turns out there are plenty of caveats around trying to become a morning person if its not an easy fit.
item7845	The Story About How the Demon King Ravana Got Ten Heads
item7846	Ravana was the biggest devotee of Lord Shiva.
item7847	 To please Lord Shiva he underwent severe penance.
item7848	 One day in order to appease Lord Shiva, Ravana decided to chop off his head.
item7849	 When he chopped off his head, it grew back again.
item7850	 He kept chopping off his head till his austerity pleased Lord Shiva.
item7851	 Lord Shiva thus blessed Ravana with ten heads and Ravana became one of the greatest and the most powerful king.
item7852	 The ten heads of Ravana are symbolic of the six shashtras and four Vedas that he mastered.
item7853	The Story of Mandodari And Sita Mata
item7854	It is a well-known fact that Sita mata was the daughter of King Janaka.
item7855	 But, according to one of the references in Adbhuta Ramayana, Mandodari was the mother of Sita mata.
item7856	 It is believed that Ravana would store the blood of all the saints killed by him in a large pot.
item7857	 One of sages Gritsamada stored milk obtained from Darbha grass in a pot for practising penance and to have Goddess Lakshmi as his daughter.
item7858	 Ravana got hold of the milk pot by sneaking into Gritsamada’s house and poured the milk into his own pot.
item7859	 Queen Mandodari got so offended by this evil act of Ravana that in order to commit suicide she drank the contents of the pot stored by Ravana.
item7860	 After drinking from Ravana’s pot, queen Mandodari did not die, rather she became pregnant with Sita.
item7861	 After Sita’s birth, one of the incarnations of Goddess Lakshmi, Mandodari left the baby in Kurukshetra and that is how King Janaka found Sita.