item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6484	 It adds to feelings of resentment and lack of representation in many regions and sections of society.
item6485	 Consequently, as the American judge, Louis Brandeis, memorably observed, If there be time to expose through discussion the falsehood and fallacies... the remedy to be applied is more speech, not enforced silence.? 
item6486	The U.S. and Russia have, in separate processes, agreed to sidestep the Ashraf Ghani regime in Kabul, and accepted the Taliban's condition that it will not negotiate with the elected Afghan government at this stage. 
item6487	The MPs' report says it is an open secret that some fast-fashion factories in places such as Leicester are not paying the minimum wage - and the same firms are selling clothes so cheaply that they are being treated as single-use items.
item6488	You may have noticed these effects particularly strongly if youve ever held the intense gaze of a monkey or ape at a zoo: it is almost impossible not to be overcome by the profound sensation that they are a conscious being judging and scrutinising you.
item6489	Learning the basics of any language is a quick task.
item6490	Declaring a state of national emergency is hardly a trivial decision.
item6491	Without the wisdom of the Queen of Sheba or the beauty of Andromeda, images of black beauty in art are rare; there are, of course, plenty of sketches and paintings of black people, but from the eighteenth Century onwards they largely focus on studies of fieldworkers, servants and slaves.
item6492	 I would like to see more people who have a background in sports or are passionate about sports in key roles in the SAI.
item6493	In fact, vinyl has seen a remarkable sales increase of one thousand four hundred twenty seven percent since two thousand seven , selling around around four million LPs in two thousand eighteen in the UK alone.
item6494	 Consumers, for their part, are yet to get a clear definition of what qualifies as a good or service for the sin' category. 
item6495	So far, research suggest those whose diets include more plant-based foods have a more diverse microbiome, and one that is extremely different from those who don't, says Daniel McDonald, the project's scientific director.
item6496	 It is slated to take place at a near-Earth' distance of four hundred km.
item6497	The question is, why did some pastoralist people acquire the trait and not others?
item6498	But there is growing consensus that environmental factors, such as diet and antibiotics, affect our microbiome more than our genes, and that a more diverse microbiome is better for us.
item6499	Scientists hope that population-wide research will advance existing findings.
item6500	Think of civilisation as a poorly-built ladder.
item6501	 From over two hundred items that were initially kept in the twenty eight percent sin' goods rate bracket, it is now down to just twenty eight items, which include cement (hardly a luxury for a country with a massive infrastructure investment agenda) and auto components. 
item6502	Changing features or tweaking shapes is a simple software change effected in minutes. 
item6503	While the term suggests special preference for the country given MFN status, it actually means it would be treated equally as all others.
item6504	As Hari walked home after school one day, he suddenly felt faint with hunger and knew his mother would not have any food ready for him at home.
item6505	 He grew desperate and went from house to house asking for food.
item6506	 Finally, a girl gave him a tall glass of milk.
item6507	 When he tried to pay her she refused and sent him on his way.
item6508	 Years later, the girl, now a grown woman, fell very sick and could not find anyone who could cure her.
item6509	 Finally, she went to a large hospital with the city's greatest doctor.
item6510	 The doctor spent months treating the woman until she was finally cured.
item6511	 The woman was happy but was also afraid she could not pay the bill.
item6512	 When the hospital handed the bill to her, she opened it to read, Paid in full, with a glass of milk'.
item6513	Moral of The Story: A good deed never goes unrewarded.
