item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5571	Rather than leading to feelings of optimism about the future, it caused them to be especially stressed about the limited amount of time they had to do all those things ninetysix and they were less happy as a result.
item5572	She admits it's better to recycle clothing fibres than throw garments away, but she says the real problem is consumer capitalism: people are putting an intolerable strain on resources simply because they're buying too many clothes in the first place.
item5573	Susan Stehlik, director of New York Universitys management communications programme, suggests offices and teams use a technique called appreciative inquiry.
item5574	 Further, the overuse of monetary policy will eventually lead to diminishing returns. 
item5575	 Wendy Doniger’s The Hindus: An Alternative History was withdrawn from circulation, and A.K.Ramanujan’s essay ‘Three Hundred Ramayanas’ was dropped from a Delhi University syllabus. 
item5576	Our ancestors to some defined as the separate species Homo sapiens, mixed with them, so that today, around two percent of the genomes of non-African people alive today is Neanderthal.
item5577	 The moon’s far side also differs from the near side in that it is shielded from all the radio waves emanating from earth. 
item5578	The rich are getting richer, which in past civilisations has created additional stress on societies.
item5579	So, if you dont naturally feel alert in the morning but decide to wake up early anyway, you might be sabotaging your actual peak performance times.
item5580	Sharks: More than just Jaws
item5581	Mr. Yeddyurappa has admitted it is his voice in the clip, but claims that it has been edited and doctored. 
item5582	 Over the past year she has sharpened her attack on Mr. Trump’s politics, arguing that he deflects attention from the impact of his divisive policies on ordinary American families and instead blames “other working people, people who are black, or brown, people born somewhere else.
item5583	Mass bleaching events occurred in two thousand sixteen and two thousand seventeen .
item5584	 In private, public or commercial buildings, official agencies tend to favour tokenism rather than high standards for the safety of occupants and visitors. 
item5585	C-section-born infants miss out on that initial inoculation, and some of the microbes they come into contact with will be from the skin and environment says Hall.
item5586	People are increasingly specialised and disconnected from the production of food and basic goods.
item5587	 The Silk Route journey would have remained incomplete unless they covered Ladakh’s Leh and Kargil towns, which were once bustling stopovers for silk-carrying merchants from China.
item5588	 Car bomb attack on CRPF convoy in Pulwama, Kashmir, kills forty jawans on Thursday.
item5589	 Any Tom, Dick or Rahul can do that.
item5590	 Says Shah, Balghari and Danish now share their lyrics online with Sherine.
item5591	Raj is a middle aged man. Although he was born in a poor family, he was raised well by his father and mother.
item5592	 His father owned a welding shop, and used to work for more than twelve hours a day, so that his family could lead a comfortable life.
item5593	However, Raj’s father could not earn sufficient money to provide a decent life to his family.
item5594	 Raj was an average student in school, and used to score around seventy percent marks.
item5595	 Raj’s dream was to become a doctor. Since his marks weren’t very high, he could not get the desired course that he wanted to study.
item5596	 Instead, he joined a bachelor’s degree course, completed the course successfully, and got a job in a company.
item5597	While his life was going on with no dramatic change, his father continued to work in his welding shop, so that he did not have to depend on Raj.
item5598	 After getting a permanent job, Raj’s parents wanted him to marry.
item5599	 He got married to a girl from his native town, and at the same time was also promoted in his job.
item5600	 After a few years, his wife gave birth to beautiful twin boys.
item5601	Later, Raj began to earn a handsome salary, and started to live luxuriously.
item5602	 He bought a new house and a new car. Some of the luxuries were really unnecessary.
item5603	 Although his company provided him with a car, Raj purchased a new car!
item5604	