item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7788	A key element of that difference was that our skulls were indeed more globular.
item7789	E.coli is an example of why this method is too broad, McDonald says.
item7790	Also, a major point that's gotten lost in all the controversy is that job creation is a very minor matter.
item7791	 Communication devices and satellites have made it too noisy for radio astronomers to easily and accurately interpret signals. 
item7792	 The Central government has effectively rejected a report by the well-regarded National Sample Survey Office which showed that unemployment in two thousand seventeen to two thousand eighteen was at a forty five -year high without giving any valid reason for doing so.
item7793	Nuclear war in itself could result in an existential risk: either the extinction of our species, or a permanent catapult back to the Stone Age.
item7794	As part of my research at the Centre for the Study of Existential Risk at the University of Cambridge, I am attempting to find out why collapse occurs through a historical autopsy.
item7795	Emotion perception in music is inherently subjective: different people might perceive different emotions in the same song.
item7796	Of course, part of the problem is that we are participants trying to explain a story in which we are actors and that will inevitably lead to bias in our favour.
item7797	It means somewhere in the East.
item7798	By the time this makes it into the four hundred five AD translation into Latin Vulgate, and becomes but; I am black but beautiful.
item7799	On the whole, number one hits tend to be pretty cheerful ninetysix the happy corner has by far the most songs.
item7800	A recent study found that mutual gaze leads to a kind of partial melding of the self and other: we rate strangers with whom weve made eye contact as more similar to us, in terms of their personality and appearance.
item7801	 Of course, the state may impose reasonable restrictions upon these fundamental freedoms, in the interests of, for example, the security of the state.
item7802	"Eventually, the buds die and desiccate on the trees.
item7803	 In particular, in Raneef, mere possession of revolutionary literature was categorically held to be insufficient to sustain a conviction, something that was blithely ignored by the Additional Sessions Judge in his judgment of February five.
item7804	Second, the Indian software industry is well-established, and plans to increase connectivity are well under way as part of ‘Digital India’. 
item7805	 Saudi Arabia on Monday vowed to try to "de-escalate" tensions between India and Pakistan in wake of the deadly terror attack in Pulwama by Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammad, as Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman prepares to head to New Delhi from Islamabad.
item7806	Thousands of unfamiliar words, an entirely different grammatical structure and the high potential for embarrassment are enough to intimidate many of us.
item7807	 He adds, It traded in a number of goods, including silk, rubies, gold, and spices, with its business extending in all the four directions’.
item7808	The Story of a Squirrel
item7809	The king Ravana had abducted Sita mata and taken her along with him to Lanka.
item7810	 There was a massive ocean that Lord Rama had to cross in order to get Sita mata back.
item7811	 The entire Vanar sena (army of monkeys) and all the animals started helping Lord Rama to make the bridge to get to Lanka.
item7812	 Lord Rama was deeply moved seeing the dedication and passion of his entire army.
item7813	 He noticed that a tiny squirrel was also working tirelessly.
item7814	 The squirrel picked up tiny stones in her mouth and kept putting them near the boulders.
item7815	 The enthusiasm of the little squirrel was crushed by a monkey when he made fun of her saying that she should stay away from the boulder or she would get crushed.
item7816	 Seeing the monkey laugh, all the other animals also started making fun of the little squirrel.
item7817	 The squirrel was hurt and started crying.
item7818	 The upset squirrel went running to Lord Rama and complained about the whole incident.
item7819	 Lord Rama then assembled everyone and showed them that how the pebble thrown by the little squirrel was acting as a connector between the two boulders.
item7820	 Lord Rama also stated that no contribution is small or big, but what matters is the intent and devotion.
item7821	 Appreciating the hard work and effort of the squirrel, Lord Rama lovingly stroked the squirrel’s back.
item7822	 The gentle stroke left three stripes on the squirrel’s back.
item7823	 It is believed that before this incident squirrels did not have stripes on their body.
item7824	 This is a great moral story for kids which will help them recognise the importance of both little and big efforts.