item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6699	 Notable among them are the prominent pro-Europe Transport Minister Jo Johnson, brother of the principal Leave campaigner Boris Johnson, who stepped down in July; and Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab. 
item6700	 The idea of examining political stories in the run-up to the election is simple: It is these stories that are subjected to misinterpretation the most on social media.
item6701	The detention of five people under the National Security Act in Madhya Pradesh last week, all of them alleged to have committed offences related to cattle laws, amounts to gross misuse of a law meant solely to prevent activities that endanger the country’s security or public order. 
item6702	One was the brouhaha concerning the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), and a perceived attempt to reduce its functional independence, to compel it to fall in line with the views of the government.
item6703	A strong building code with features for reduction of fire hazards is important for all structures, but it is more so for hospitals since they host people who are incapacitated and cannot be evacuated quickly. 
item6704	But lets look at what Spotifys algorithm considers the most miserable songs, down in the sad corner.
item6705	Today, drinking milk is common practice in northern Europe, North America, and a patchwork of other places.
item6706	Nine thousand tonnes of CO2 ninetysix not taking transport and packaging into account.
item6707	 If travellers like Roman and Anne can make the travel happen again, why can’t we, who were to the Silk Route what blood is to a body?
item6708	 This position has also been confirmed by the Supreme Court. 
item6709	But how can an algorithm ninetysix which cannot feel a thing ninetysix tell the difference between a happy song and a sad one? Its an initially challenging concept, that you would be able to quantify the sadness that a song evokes, says Charlie Thompson, the data scientist who developed the Radiohead gloom index who blogs as RCharlie.
item6710	 Her failure to win parliamentary backing for the exit deal would raise the risk of a no-deal Brexit, with potentially chaotic ramifications. 
item6711	 It is so overwhelming to see that so many people from all over the world have contributed.
item6712	You might be more alert and have better cognitive ability in the afternoon, for instance.
item6713	Dr. Sivan said ISRO recently submitted to the IAF a set of requirements on selecting and training prospective Indian space travellers.
item6714	By repeatedly emphasising that the BJP and the Congress are birds of the same feather, she has avoided fencing herself in one camp.
item6715	 A further escalation in the trade war between the U.S. and China is another imminent risk to global growth as additional tariffs could increase the overall tax burden on the economy. 
item6716	There can be lots ninetysix at least, according to all the people who get up at daybreak.
item6717	Youll be healthier and happier.
item6718	As I left the exhibition, I found myself thinking: can propaganda ever produce great art?
item6719	The story of a family of mice and their fear of the cat ruling the house.
item6720	 A large discussion ensues on the possible solutions including a bell for the cat in order to receive warning of the cat’s approach.
item6721	Moral: Talking about doing something might be well and good until the action has to be carried out.
item6722	 It might be unpleasant and hard though and recognizing the pitfalls of seemingly good ideas is important.
item6723	 A story of a hound chasing a rabbit.
item6724	 The hound becomes tired and gives up the chase.
item6725	 Upon being mocked by a herd of goats, the hound explains that the rabbit ran faster because it was fighting for its life.
item6726	Moral:The best incentives give the best results.
item6727	 Motivation is a key factor in any work being done.
item6728	 A classic tale of a duckling who finds that all his brothers and sisters and even his friends are more beautiful than he is.
item6729	 Completely dejected, he leaves his family and cloisters himself in a secluded part of the lake.
item6730	 After he goes by a few visiting birds tell him that he has now grown into a beautiful swan.
item6731	Moral:Everyone is beautiful just the way they are even if they do not meat the ideals set by the world around them.