item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7154	 In fact, the latest fund infusion is aimed, among other things, to help a number of public sector banks to climb out of the Reserve Bank of India's Prompt Corrective Action (PCA) framework. 
item7155	Volunteers looked at a video of a face while simultaneously completing a word challenge that involved coming up with verbs to match various nouns to take an easy example, if they heard the noun milk, a suitable response would be drink.
item7156	When it came time for Leonardo to revisit the subject for the second version perhaps because of a dispute with the Confraternity over compensation, prompting the artist to sell the initial painting for more money to another buyer, every type of plant initially depicted in the Paris painting is replaced with another kind of foliage.
item7157	 I had protested against the appointment of Yuri Ogorodnik, who had trained many of those who were caught for doping, but he was still welcomed back to India.
item7158	 Wangkhem's remarks were no more than an expression of opinion against the public conduct of a public figure, albeit in street language?. 
item7159	Doing so naturally develops our executive functions, the high-level ability to flexibly manipulate and utilise information, and hold information in the mind and suppress irrelevant information, says Julie Fiez, a professor at the University of Pittsburghs department of neuroscience.
item7160	It was in the late eighteen th and early nineteen th century that British archaeologist Sir Aurel Stein organised the first major expeditions to explore what German geographer Baron Ferdinand von Richthoven had in eighteen seventy seven named the Silk Road'.
item7161	 It reached Delhi at around one pm, around fourteen hours after it started from Varanasi.
item7162	He references Claude Lorrains Seaport with the Embarkation of the Queen of Sheba, hanging in Londons National Gallery.
item7163	Unlike Akhilesh Yadav's backward caste base, Ms. Mayawati's Dalit base could be vulnerable to appeals from the Congress.
item7164	So what happens now?
item7165	The former sprint queen on coaching, Khelo India', sports administration, and steps that can be taken to raise the profile of Indian athletics
item7166	Or rather, take both versions of the work that Leonardo created between fourteen eighty three and fifteen hundred eight : the one that hangs in the Louvre in Paris thought to be the earlier of the two, completed around fourteen hundred eighty three and a subsequent one that resides in the National Gallery in London begun in fand ourteen hundred ninty three finished thirteen years later.
item7167	 Says Begum, One horse would carry forty kg of gold dust.
item7168	 Journalists were told in no uncertain terms that trust in a news organisation develops when people know that they can always turn to a news organisation for reliable information.
item7169	 In January this year, Sherine was conferred the Jammu and Kashmir State Award for Performing Arts.
item7170	It may be that drinking cows milk provides antibodies against some of these infections.
item7171	In full swing
item7172	A CD player uses thirty four kilowatt hours a year and costs thirty five to run.
item7173	 It is immaterial how scathing the Facebook post of Kishorechand Wangkhem was in its criticism of the Manipur Chief Minister and his party. 
item7174	This beautiful story about making the best of what you have is our first pick for this list.
item7175	 A comparison is inevitable and starts pretty early in life.
item7176	 Though ambition is not a bad thing, there is usually a very thin line progressing to greed.
item7177	 It can run both ways, parents may end up pushing their children so hard that kids may end up frustrated.
item7178	 On the other hand, kids may end up demanding for more, without regard to what they have already and this may end up making them selfish.
item7179	Here is a wonderful story about a peacock who almost went the same way.
item7180	So, there was this once a beautiful peacock who was all but dancing on a rainy day.
item7181	 He was busy admiring his plumage.
item7182	 However, he was suddenly reminded of his shortcoming in a rough voice.
item7183	 All the joy beaten out of him, he was almost in tears.
item7184	 Suddenly, when he heard a nightingale singing nearby.
