item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4808	 It is time to fix responsibility for deadly accidents on a single official agency. 
item4809	 Two instances during the past year when the government breached long-held conventions have raised questions about the intentions of those in authority.
item4810	Agreements and programmes planned with the Indian Air Force (IAF) and the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) will start taking shape from now on, Dr. Sivan told The Hindu.
item4811	None of this is to deny that some small tricks ninetysix such as keeping a gratitude journal and practicing kindness to others ninetysix do increase your wellbeing, particularly if they cause you to recognise your contentment in the here and now.
item4812	 It led to an assessment of hospital safety in all States, but evidently the impact has been patchy at best. 
item4813	China joined a select group of countries with successful missions to the moon, when its spacecraft, Change-four, successfully made a landing at ten on January three, according to the China National Space Administration. 
item4814	 In U.P, the BSP and SP have announced an alliance, and Ms. Mayawati is opposed to any understanding with the Congress.
item4815	 It was a vehicle that could withstand temperatures as low as minus fifty degree Celsius.
item4816	However, the returns from complexity eventually reach a point of diminishing returns.
item4817	 Threats to free expression, especially artistic freedom, in our times mainly come from those claiming to espouse the interests of a particular religion or social group. 
item4818	It could be anywhere in Africa, even India, these vague places, sunburnt places at either end of the Earth.
item4819	Clearly, the current talks with the Taliban are not within the red lines? agreed to by all stakeholders in the past: they are not Afghan-led, owned or controlled, and the Taliban has not abjured violence, or sworn allegiance to the Afghan constitution before joining talks. 
item4820	The mutations were common in nearby populations in Europe and western Asia, so it would have been possible for them to spread into these east Asian groups, but they didnt.
item4821	 Mizoram has the potential to be a gateway in the Act East and BIMSTEC connectivity schemes to extend trade routes from the Northeast to Myanmar and onwards. 
item4822	Its a problem! The average teen has the attention span of about twenty eight seconds to begin with, says Laura Schad, who teaches seventh and eighth graders ages twelve to fourteen in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
item4823	Because both language systems are always active and competing, the brains control mechanisms are constantly strengthened.
item4824	 Will the MPs' solve the fast fashion problem?
item4825	 Private Bills rarely become law, but they are useful in highlighting gaps in the body of law. 
item4826	I definitely think this desire for happiness is increasing nowadays.
item4827	Tackle the recycling postcode lottery under which different materials are recyclable in different areas.
item4828	The Habits Guide: How to Build Good Habits and Break Bad Ones
item4829	Before we get into the guide, I want to recommend the most comprehensive guide on how to change your habits and get one percent better every day: My new book Atomic Habits. 
item4830	Packed with evidence-based self-improvement strategies, Atomic Habits will teach you how to make the small changes that will transform your habits and deliver remarkable results.
item4831	Atomic Habits will reshape the way you think about progress and success and give you the tools and strategies you need to transform your habits whether you are a team looking to win a championship, an organization hoping to redefine an industry, or simply an individual who wishes to quit smoking, lose weight, reduce stress, and achieve success that lasts.
item4832	What Are Habits?
item4833	Let's define habits. Habits are the small decisions you make and actions you perform every day. 
item4834	According to researchers at Duke University, habits account for about forty percent of our behaviors on any given day. 
item4835	Your life today is essentially the sum of your habits. 
item4836	How in shape or out of shape you are? A result of your habits. 
item4837	How happy or unhappy you are? A result of your habits. How successful or unsuccessful you are? 
item4838	A result of your habits.
item4839	What you repeatedly do (i.e. what you spend time thinking about and doing each day) ultimately forms the person you are, the things you believe, and the personality that you portray. 
item4840	Everything I write about from 
item4841	procrastination and productivity to strength and nutrition starts with better habits. 
item4842	When you learn to transform your habits, you can transform your life.
