item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7452	 It is almost certain, after seventeen years of war, that the government cannot stabilise the country using force. 
item7453	 It has long been clear that traders need a simpler filing system, faster refunds and other mechanisms to ease their cash flows. 
item7454	Scientists say the disease, known as Beech Leaf Disease, has been recorded in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and parts of Ontario in Canada.
item7455	 In the early nineteen twenties, Mahatma Gandhi famously wrote that the freedom of association is truly respected when assemblies of people can discuss even revolutionary projects?, and noted that the state's right to intervene was limited to situations involving actual outbreak of revolution. 
item7456	What do you think of Hima Das, the first Indian woman to win a gold medal at a World (Under-twenty) athletics meet?
item7457	Since shellac isnt derived from fossil fuels, its carbon footprint was lower than that of modern records.
item7458	 The U.S. has also joined hands with Iran's rivals, such as Saudi Arabia, to scuttle the country's regional ambitions, while Israel is repeatedly bombing Iranian positions within Syria. 
item7459	McGrath writes in The Black Andromeda about how, in the original Hebrew and then Greek, the Queen of Sheba declares in the Song of Solomon in the Old Testament; I am black and beautiful.
item7460	 Oxytocin is a life-saving drug used to stem post-partum bleeding among new mothers. 
item7461	 So, for example, membership? of a banned organisation  a punishable offence both under the TADA and the UAPA  was to be understood as being limited to active membership?, i.e. incitement to violence. 
item7462	Our tightly-coupled, globalised economic system is, if anything, more likely to make crisis spread.
item7463	If you listen repeatedly, a physical copy is best ninetysix streaming an album over the internet more than twenty seven times will likely use more energy than it takes to produce and manufacture a CD.
item7464	 It is widely known that Hillary Clinton won fourty eight percent of the votes cast, while Donald Trump won only fourty six percent.
item7465	 Explains Roman, At the Balti Fort, I saw an eighteen th century Russian samovar (copper tea pot).
item7466	So Ohajuru was shocked to discover that many paintings of the Old Testaments visitor to King Solomon, the Queen of Sheba ninetysix another word for Saba ninetysix depicted her as a white woman.
item7467	 The tightening of monetary policy has often been followed by a slowdown in economic growth, and this time may be no different. 
item7468	This would allow for the creation of manufacturing facilities in small towns and foster industrial development outside of major cities. 
item7469	Peter Andrews, from the British Retail Consortium (BRC), told us a growing number of stores were providing take-back schemes for unwanted clothes, and introducing stock made from recycled materials.
item7470	The saddest song ever to top the charts since nineteen fifty eight , according to the data, is The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face by Roberta Flack, which was number one for six weeks in nineteen seventy two.
item7471	Ministers say their final proposals will be included in a new Environment Bill before the summer holidays.
item7472	The Story of Shiva's Failed Battle
item7473	Lord Shiva and Lord Ganesha have many stories together.
item7474	 However, this story goes beyond the relationship between father and son and teaches a very important lesson.
item7475	When the elephant head was procured and Ganesha was brought back to life, Shiva heeded Parvati's wishes and made it a rule that before beginning with any new endeavour, it was necessary to worship Lord Ganesha and get his blessings.
item7476	 However, Shiva forgot that the rule applied to him as well.
item7477	On one such occasion, Shiva was heading out to war with the demons and proceeded to take his entire army along with him for it.
item7478	 But in the rush of leaving for the battle, he forgot to worship Ganesha first.
item7479	 This led to them facing many problems even before reaching the battlefield.
item7480	 On the way to the location of the battle, the war-carriage wheel was damaged and the progress came to a halt.
item7481	 This seemed like divine intervention to Shiva and he suddenly remembered that he had totally forgotten to worship Ganesha before heading for battle.
item7482	Stopping all his troops, Shiva proceeded to set up the puja then and there and completed the rituals worshipping Ganesha.
item7483	 With Ganesha's blessings, Shiva proceeded ahead and he and his army were successful in defeating the demons completely.
item7484	Moral:This just goes to show that no matter who you are, once you have created a rule, it applies to everyone equally.
