item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6170	The picture was complicated by the participants circumstances.
item6171	In two thousand eighteen, the BJP finished as the single largest party, but a post-poll coalition of the Congress and the JD(S) denied Mr. Yeddyurappa the chance to form the government. 
item6172	 The NSA advisory board consists of three members who are, or have been, or are qualified to be high court judges. 
item6173	 We're now looking to find out just what was so special about the Preseli hills five thousand years ago, and whether there were any important stone circles here, built before the bluestones were moved to Stonehenge," he added.
item6174	But it was also brought to its knees when Rome was sacked by the Visigoths in four hundred and ten and the Vandals in four hundred and fiftyfive.
item6175	Whether its for a new job, for literary competence or for making casual conversation, you can sharpen language skills no matter your age or previous exposure.
item6176	Locals want tourism to pick up at Turtuk too, like it has at the Wagah border.
item6177	Each are essential to the other ninetysix studies have found that brain development is abnormal in the absence of the gut microbiome.
item6178	But in the post-colonial era, the consolidation of borders and hostility between neighbouring countries snapped the last remnant linkages of the Silk Route in the Kashmir region.
item6179	In a series of careful decisions over five decades, the Supreme Court has articulated the precise circumstances under which a restriction on the freedom of speech or association is reasonable.
item6180	 But it would not have been easy for them to destroy everything named in my honour: there is one in China, there are sports institutions in north India, and the coaching centre in Thiruvananthapuram.
item6181	Only one track wasnt on Spotify: Over and Over by the Dave Clark Five.
item6182	 The Iranian regime turned some of these challenges into opportunities — as in the case of the nineteen eighty to nineteen eighty eight Iran-Iraq war — and made substantial changes in certain sectors. 
item6183	What is worse is that while earlier the CBI used to carry out arrests of so-called accused persons only as a measure of last resort, today it is overturning this on its head.
item6184	 I don’t see why a reworking of such options would not be far better that either the U.K.- or U.S.-inspired anglophone’ models.
item6185	Egypt’s proposed constitutional changes to extend presidential terms are a huge setback to the country’s democratic progress.
item6186	 If this is then a purely political move that panders to Mr. Trump’s conservative voter base, it may stand on wobbly legal foundations.
item6187	"Our objective is to try to de-escalate tensions between the two countries, neighbouring countries, and to see if there is a path forward to resolving those differences peacefully," Jubeir told media.
item6188	This happens more often and more easily with languages that belong to the same familyeightyfive because the similarities are great but so are the false friends!
item6189	 It used to cost ?twelve per kg.
item6190	There were once two brothers who lived on the edge of a forest.
item6191	 The elder brother was very mean to his younger brother and ate up all the food and took all his good clothes.
item6192	 One day, the elder brother went into the forest to find some firewood to sell in the market.
item6193	 As he went around chopping the branches of a tree after tree, he came upon a magical tree.
item6194	 The tree said to him, ‘Oh kind sir, please do not cut my branches.
item6195	 If you spare me, I will give you my golden apples’.
item6196	 The elder brother agreed but was disappointed with the number apples the tree gave him.
item6197	 Greed overcame him, and he threatened to cut the entire trunk if the tree didn’t give him more apples.
item6198	 The magical tree instead showered upon the elder brother hundreds upon hundreds of tiny needles.
item6199	 The elder brother lay on the ground crying in pain as the sun began to lower down the horizon.
item6200	The younger brother grew worried and went in search of his elder brother.
item6201	 He found him with hundreds of needles on his skin.
item6202	 He rushed to his brother and removed each needle with painstaking love.
item6203	 After he finished, the elder brother apologised for treating him badly and promised to be better.
item6204	 The tree saw the change in the elder brother’s heart and gave them all the golden apples they could ever need.
item6205	Moral Of The Story : It is important to be kind and gracious as it will always be rewarded.