item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7386	 An overzealous, liberal crusader.
item7387	 The country's private manufacturing sector contracted in December for the first time in nineteen months and the official manufacturing PMI (purchasing managers' index) number dropped below fivety for the first time since mid-two thousand sixteen . 
item7388	 Since the announcement of the decision last November to open the Kartarpur Corridor between India and Pakistan, there have been three major rallies in Kargil town, with the protesters pressing for similar arrangements in this region.
item7389	Hunter-gatherers, who do not keep animals, did not acquire the mutations.
item7390	 It is in this context that Shashi Tharoor, Congress MP and writer, has introduced a private member's Bill in the Lok Sabha seeking to protect freedom of literature. 
item7391	The researchers think this effect occurred because eye contact ninetysix even with a stranger in a video ninetysix is so intense that it drains our cognitive reserves.
item7392	The research was carried out by a team of scientists at the Save Our Seas Foundation Shark Research Centre at Nova Southeastern University in Florida.
item7393	And so we have consistently mistaken survival and extinction with biological superiority or inferiority.
item7394	One such project, the ongoing American Gut Study, is collecting and comparing the gut microbiomes of thousands of people living in the US.
item7395	Like Mauss, Maglio and Kim used a range of elegant studies to pin down a causal effect, including self-reported questionnaires and interventions.
item7396	 In particular, the court cautioned that vaguely-worded provisions of these statutes would have to be read narrowly and precisely, and in accordance with the Constitution.
item7397	At the moment, the best Mer systems are about seventy percent accurate at recognising static emotions in thirty -second musical excerpts, he tells me.
item7398	The ECI also measures the knowledge-intensity of exports.
item7399	China has now joined the U.S. and the former USSR as the only countries to have made a soft landing? on the moon. 
item7400	 With this, the Congress has lost its last remaining State in the Northeast, a region in which it was traditionally dominant. 
item7401	He said: We all want to see a world with no plastic pollution and high levels of recycling.
item7402	I ask him which audio features the algorithm has learned to classify as happy or sad but he doesnt or isnt able to reveal much: Valence is one of our elemental features, so it isn't described in terms of others.
item7403	 This year, critically ill patients had to be carried outside by relatives during a fire at the Calcutta Medical College and Hospital. 
item7404	When Roman and Anne met for the first time three summers ago in Tibet, they decided to do a special trip in two thousand eighteen : retracing the famous Silk Route.
item7405	Asha Choksi, vice-president of global research and insights at educational publisher Pearson, gives the example of a teacher who films himself performing a science experiment, posts it to YouTube and then uses the video in class to illustrate material in the textbook, which can seem boring to students.
item7406	When Parvati stepped out and saw the dead body of her creation, her fury knew no bounds.
item7407	 She lashed out at Shiva and threatened to destroy the entire universe as a consequence of those actions.
item7408	 Now, the universe was the responsibility of Bramha, Vishnu, and Shiva.
item7409	 Brahma witnessed the wrath of Parvati and apologized on behalf of Shiva to her, advising her to not destroy the universe.
item7410	 Parvati relented on the conditions that Ganesha be brought back to life and be worshipped as the primary God.
item7411	 Shiva, too, realized the mistake he committed in his rage and apologized to Parvati.
item7412	 He advised his troops to go into the forest and get the head of the first animal they spot.
item7413	 Incidentally, they came across an elephant and brought back his head.
item7414	 This was then placed over the body and Shiva brought him to life, also accepting him as his own son.
item7415	 This is how Ganesha was born as we know and is now worshipped as the god of gods.
item7416	Moral:As much as this story talks about the birth, it teaches us an important lesson on how anger can cause harm to our near and dear ones and how necessary it is to rectify our mistakes as soon as we can.
