item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7485	 It indicates a dangerous trend among those wielding power to invoke laws aimed at preserving public order and security in a casual or vindictive manner, with utter disregard for constitutional provisions that uphold individual liberty. 
item7486	If you choose two that had different writing systems and very different areas - Japanese and Spanish - at the same time, you wouldnt have that annoyance of mixing up the words, she says.
item7487	In particular, many dont have the same micronutrients.
item7488	 But while Spotlight worked like a thriller, set in the editorial offices of The Boston Globe, the French film focuses mainly on the victims, now adult men, especially three characters from different class backgrounds, and how revisiting the traumas of their youth affects their present lives.
item7489	For example, the Grand Canyon in Arizona, US tells us a lot about the history of the Earth and how it has developed over millions of years.
item7490	 In their effort to facilitate travel by Sikhs to important shrines on both sides of the border, they were also alert to the potential of such a move to heal ties amongst their people, and promote dialogue between the two governments. 
item7491	Before I reveal its name, lets consider what you might expect a sad song to sound like.
item7492	It is, however, the ignoring of democratic conventions nearer home that are cause for greater concern.
item7493	Talks facilitated by Russia in Moscow this week, with mainstream Afghan politicians sitting around the table with Taliban leaders, are similar in their approach to the recent U.S. -Taliban talks in Qatar, though the two are rival processes. 
item7494	Nothing gives a newspaper more pleasure than the fact that its readers retain confidence in its editorial decisions, its journalistic values, and its ethical practices in the newsroom.
item7495	 Tweaking stories through algorithms, using key words in those stories to misunderstand them, and converting the public space into ideological silos are some of the reasons behind this initiative.
item7496	 The law generally disapproves of approver evidence, but this has become the stock in trade of the CBI.
item7497	It is hoped that a robust channel is open between Indian intelligence agencies and all important groups in Afghanistan, including the Taliban, in order to ensure that Indian interests, development projects and citizens are kept secure. 
item7498	 It's the nature of consumer capitalism and it's a very, very big problem for us all."
item7499	There may be other factors at play, such as enthusiasm and high job satisfaction, which facilitate eagerness to get up earlier and get to work, says Marilyn Davidson, professor emerita of work psychology at the University of Manchester.
item7500	Accusations that the BJP was trying to buy up dissidents in the Congress have now gained credence. Seven Congress MLAs and one JD(S) MLA stayed away from the Assembly proceedings, 
item7501	 A lamb is butchered for a meal, a cow delivers a calf, a single woman shepherd living in a round hut finds out she is pregnant.
item7502	Fourth, in a country where use-and-throw is an anathema, maintaining old products is far easier because parts can be manufactured as needed and product life-cycles can be expanded. 
item7503	 However, when an appeals court considers the issue, it should take the opportunity to reiterate a hoary truth: a democracy does not jail people simply for reading books, painting posters, or posting on Facebook. 
item7504	 How can anyone not be grateful to a government that has done more than any of its predecessors to deliver JAM to India's ninty nine percent ?
item7505	The Story Of Ganesha’s Wisdom
item7506	Lord Ganesha is called the god of knowledge and wisdom and there is a spectacular story that illustrates why it is so.
item7507	Ganesha had a younger brother called as Karthikeya.
item7508	 Both would get along well but, just like all other siblings, they would have moments of arguments and fights.
item7509	 On one such day, Ganesha and Karthikeya both ended up finding a unique fruit in the forest and grabbed it together.
item7510	 They refused to share it with each other and started claiming the fruit for themselves.
item7511	When they reached Mount Kailash and presented this predicament to Shiva and Parvati, Shiva made a proposition.
item7512	 He recognized the fruit and said that this fruit is known to grant immortality and extensive knowledge when eaten by the rightful bearer of it.
item7513	 To choose who gets it, Shiva proposed a challenge.
item7514	 He asked Ganesha and Karthikeya to circumvent their world three times.
item7515	 Whoever would do so first and return to Mount Kailash, would be the rightful owner of the fruit.
item7516	Karthikeya immediately hopped onto his pet peacock and flew speedily to complete three revolutions across the Earth.
item7517	 Ganesha was a little stocky compared to Karthikeya and his pet was a rat who couldn’t fly.
item7518	 Having listened to Shiva’s proposal properly, Ganesha started walking around Shiva and Parvati and completed three circles around them.
item7519	 When asked by Shiva, Ganesha replied that Shiva had asked them to circumvent their world.
item7520	 And for Ganesha, his parents were more than the world.
item7521	 They were the entire universe.
item7522	Shiva was touched and impressed by Ganesha’s wisdom and saw him as the rightful owner of the fruit.
item7523	Moral:Not only does this story give a great example of how using your wisdom can help resolve a situation smartly, but it also teaches that your parents should be given the respect and love they deserve.