item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7218	Desler praises teachers who do things like tie the history of Nazi propaganda to cyberbullying.
item7219	Earlier this year, Sam Maglio at the University of Toronto and Aekyoung Kim at Rutgers University found another way that the conscious pursuit of happiness may backfire: by leading us to feel that time is slipping away.
item7220	At least some studies, some decades old and others more recent, suggest they are, and we also know that our brains automatically process the dilation of other peoples pupils.
item7221	 This had set back bilateral ties, threatening progress on the project proposal. 
item7222	 A day earlier, West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee hit out at the Modi government and said that PM Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah think they are the only patriots in the country.
item7223	Ministers are still considering which sizes to include in the plans.
item7224	They become subversive statements that challenge the Churchs conception of the creation of the world.
item7225	South-western Iberia has been claimed to have been a refuge of the Neanderthals, a place where they survived longer than elsewhere, but the evidence is disputed by some researchers.
item7226	As according to British art historian Elizabeth McGraths nineteen ninty two article The Black Andromeda, Andromeda was, indeed, originally depicted as a black princess from Ethiopia.
item7227	The evidence of replacement anywhere is, being generous, slim.
item7228	 There was a buzz, but I had no idea what to expect from a Guatemalan film called Tremors.
item7229	Sanjay Raut of the Shiv Sena said the government should learn from former Prime MinisterIndira Gandhi's tenure to take immediate action against Pakistan.
item7230	TheÂ deathÂ of more than hundred people to toxic alcohol in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand has exposed the thriving sale of illicit liquor in the region. 
item7231	President Donald Trump is becoming increasingly hostile towards Tehran. 
item7232	And when we pass strangers in the street or some other public place, we can be left feeling rejected if they dont make eye contact.
item7233	The Great Barrier Reef, located in the Coral Sea off the coast of Queensland, is a diverse World Heritage site that spans an area of three lakhs forty four thousand four hundred sq km one lakh thirty three thousand sq mi.
item7234	With this being the sum total of what passed for evidence? in the case, it is clear that the verdict of the Additional Sessions Judge is unsustainable, and will be reversed. 
item7235	For instance, we generally perceive people who make more eye contact to be more intelligent, more conscientious and sincere in Western cultures, at least, and we become more inclined to believe what they say.
item7236	Digital natives will continue to voraciously adopt new media.
item7237	Lamba was sidelined after she claimed in December that the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) had asked her to resign for protesting an alleged proposal seeking to revoke former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi's Bharat Ratna.
item7238	This story has been told and retold over the ages, but is certainly a story that will teach your child an important lesson that will stay for life.
item7239	 You can stick to the classic or make your own version with different variables that will nonetheless impart the valuable lesson that your child needs to learn.
item7240	The hare is not only a beautiful little creature but is known for its speed and cleverness.
item7241	 Turtles, on the other hand, are amphibians that are more down to earth and, of course, slower in all aspects of life.
item7242	 One fine day, the hare bragged and came up with the idea of holding a race with the turtle.
item7243	 The turtle agreed, and the race began.
item7244	The hare managed to get a good lead over the turtle because he was an excellent runner.
item7245	 However, such was the ego of the hare that it not only goes way ahead of the turtle but also decides to take a nap at some distance just before the finish line.
item7246	 Such was the ego of the hare that he was convinced he would easily win even if he slept for some time to rub it in.
item7247	The turtle, on the other hand, was far slower than the hare.
item7248	 However, he keeps up with the race with determination and without cutting corners.
item7249	 The turtle managed to reach the finish line just as the hare was waking up! He, nevertheless won the race even though he was a far slower runner than the hare and not even rubbing it in the hare™s face.
item7250	Moral Of The Story:As long as you are steady and determined, you will always win, no matter what your speed is. Laziness is your enemy, as is pride.
