item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5275	After this point, collapse will eventually ensue.
item5276	Germ-free animals who've had no exposure to microbes, on the other hand, have shown deficits in social behaviour, and researchers have found that this can be restored by adding specific types of bacteria such as Lactobacillus, often found in yoghurt, according to Johnson.
item5277	In May two thousand fifteen , Palmyra was taken over by the so-called Islamic State group, which damaged many of the buildings.
item5278	 This is where the government has to exercise prudence and caution. 
item5279	Yes, that is something we need.
item5280	He said: "The sustainability of fashion is a high priority for BRC members - the transparency they have shown and the level of engagement with the inquiry reflects that.
item5281	Instead, the record revival shows us what we want to see in our media and material world more widely ninetysix experiences that hold their value and, with loving care, endure.
item5282	Its a complex story ninetysix of European racism as well as how useful black biblical figures were to those who wanted to teach religion through art ninetysix that helps to explain the absence of black figures in art history.
item5283	Large parts of Queensland have been gripped by floods in recent weeks, after some regions experienced the equivalent of a year's rainfall in ten days.
item5284	We know that our ancestors and Neanderthals mixed genes, but we have no idea what the hybrids looked like or what kind of tools they made.
item5285	The edtech industry in East Asia is booming, especially as US platforms like Knewton expand overseas, tapping into growing global interest in adapting classrooms to digital native students.
item5286	New instruments of violence, such as lethal autonomous weapons, may be available in the near future.
item5287	 I have seen one of my wards suffer because she is forced to do office work in her prime years as an athlete.
item5288	Pay attention to when you feel most tired and most awake.
item5289	 It is also time for the government, which is celebrating the anniversary of the fall of a despotic monarch, to rethink its approach towards dissent and personal freedoms. 
item5290	So the first Europeans who drank milk probably farted a lot as a result.
item5291	If you only listen to a track a couple of times, then streaming is the best option.
item5292	 So, if the NSSO survey was any good, it would have shown India's unemployment rate to be around minus two hundred percent.
item5293	 Such problems are an obvious consequence of the political structure of Union Territories, in which the Administrator, as the nominee of the President, enjoys powers superior to the Chief Minister and the Council of Ministers.
item5294	Jubei's remarks to make efforts for reducing tensions came as Pakistan on Monday called back its envoy from India for consultations.
item5295	How to understand different uses of the term "organic" on food labels
item5296	Many people are not completely sure about the precise meaning of the word "organic" or "organically grown" on food labels.
item5297	 One of their concerns is whether or not they can trust that the words ensure that the foods were grown or produced without the use of potentially hazardous chemicals.
item5298	The first thing to keep in mind is that the term "organic" can be applied to a variety of different kinds of foods.
item5299	 The term can be used on agricultural products, and on meat, poultry, eggs and dairy products.
item5300	 And it also applies to the methods used to process organically grown foods in preparing them for market or to retard spoilage.
item5301	Organically Grown Crops:
item5302	The crop must be produced on land without the use of synthetic substances (pesticides, herbicides, fertilizers) except those provided by the standards.
item5303	No prohibited substances can have been applied to the land for three years prior to harvest.
item5304	The land must have defined boundaries and buffer zones preventing the crop to have contact with prohibited substances from adjoining land.
item5305	Soil fertility and crop nutrient management must be done in a manner to improve soil conditions, minimize soil erosion, and prevent contamination of crops, soil or water by plant nutrients, pathogenic organisms or heavy metals.