item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
﻿item6634	Gazing at them is like diving into a deep dark sea.
item6635	These microbiomes differ hugely from person to person, depending on diet, lifestyle and other factors, and they influence everything from our health to our appetites, weight and moods.
item6636	Unless you are a true morning person.
item6637	In his book The Upside of Down, the political scientist Thomas Homer-Dixon observed that environmental degradation throughout the Roman Empire led to falling EROI from their staple energy source that is crops of wheat and alfalfa.
item6638	Despite the abundance of books and articles, we dont have a conclusive explanation as to why civilisations collapse.
item6639	 A comment from Manzoor Hussain Balghari and Ehsan Ali Danish, two well-known lyricists from Baltistan, on Sherene’s Facebook page started an unusual musical jugalbandi (union) online.
item6640	"The initial symptom is a dark staining pattern on the leaves," explained Carrie Ewing, a PhD student from Ohio State University."
item6641	 Adherence to democratic norms has for long been perceived as crucial to maintaining the independence of institutions and processes.
item6642	Can art commissioned by the state ever be any good? Art is something subversive, Pablo Picasso once said.
item6643	She was used as a prefiguration, a foreteller, a prophesiser, that a king would visit the baby Jesus, just as a queen visited Solomon.
item6644	We know from a remark Leonardo makes in his notebooks that the riddle of seashells cropping up incongruously on mountaintops was fresh in his mind just prior to his undertaking work on the first version of the Virgin of the Rocks in fourteen eighty three.
item6645	The algorithm is definitely on to something, but its not brilliant at coping with Lionel Richie.
item6646	 What's much more important, and also the biggest achievement of this government, is ensuring that every single Indian has a unique identity, and not just a unique identity, but also a Jan Dhan bank account and mobile number linked to that identity.
item6647	The New York Times recently coined the term performative workaholism, referring to workaholics flaunting early wake-ups and long hours as a badge of honour, which can end up setting a bad example.
item6648	As well as the American beech (Fagus grandifolia), the disease has been recorded in the European and Oriental beech.
item6649	 The casualty is truth, and the veracity of official facts and statistics.
item6650	 In the recent elections in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, the Congress was keen to have an alliance with the BSP but Ms.
item6651	 I see it as heralding a fresh start.
item6652	Just learning one language, any language in any culture, helps you to develop that adaptability and flexibility when faced with other cultures, period.
item6653	As well as sending our brains into social overdrive, research also shows that eye contact shapes our perception of the other person who meets our gaze.
item6654	This classic story about a race between one of the fastest creatures on earth and one of the slowest has been a favourite for generations.
item6655	 This truly is a timeless tale that engages kids from the ages of twp to six.
item6656	 Moral: Don’t underestimate a task, ensure you see it through without letting your ego swell up.
item6657	 Sometimes a slow pace and patience considered a better tool to face a challenge.
item6658	A timeless tale of a wolf who used the flayed skin of a sheep to disguise itself and fool the other sheep into thinking it is one of their own.
item6659	 This story contains an important lesson that we all must learn at some point in our lives.
item6660	 Moral: Appearances can be deceptive. One must never take people or circumstances at face value.
item6661	 A little bit of precaution can go a long way in self-preservation.
item6662	A tale to illustrate the folly of pigs who do not listen to their mother and build houses that are unstable. 
item6663	It’s a story where you can add a lot of effect and have your little one enthralled by the suspense of the fate of the big bad wolf.
item6664	Moral: The story teaches children that doing a job well is as important as getting the job done in the first place. 
item6665	Integrity and motivation of your actions go a long way.