item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6269	 The exercise to talk about one political story a month is not a one-way communication to extol the virtues of journalism.
item6270	He, however, expressed solidarity with his Puducherry counterpart V Narayansamy, currently on protest against Lieutenant Governor Kiran Bedi, on Monday, and joined him in the demand for full statehood.
item6271	The government thinks a well-managed recycling and resources policy can actually make money, rather than costing it.
item6272	The consumer drinks the product, then posts the empty bottle into a machine which produces a coupon to return the deposit.
item6273	This is too flimsy a ground to invoke so stringent a law, especially when there is no evidence of security or order being under grave threat. 
item6274	CEOs are important role models for staff, Kinman says.
item6275	The climate is changing, the gap between the rich and poor is widening, the world is becoming increasingly complex, and our demands on the environment are outstripping planetary carrying capacity.
item6276	Its mostly teamwork.
item6277	 It may be too early to predict the demise of democracy, but the reality is that it is not a good time for democratic institutions, or for those who see democracy as the answer to the world’s problems.
item6278	There are similar scores for other parameters including energy how fast, loud and noisy a track is and danceability, which is exactly what it sounds like.
item6279	 Congress leaders in these States consider her demands over the top.
item6280	The theocratic regime, established by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini in nineteen seventy nine, struck a defiant note by mobilising a huge rally in Tehran and repeating its familiar anti-West rhetoric. 
item6281	These questions could become more urgent if Mer systems learn to guess what might be going on in an individual listeners mind, to detect the felt emotion, rather than just assigning each track an emotional label.
item6282	 But above all, China’s politically hands-off approach is a win-win for both regimes.
item6283	 No wonder its report was not approved by the approved approvers.
item6284	 If we consider the alliances, then too the majority of voters had voted for other parties than the UPA that came to power.
item6285	Sherine’s songs, Grifshat Sula Beik’ and Tsertragi Jusay Jusay’, are runaway hits in PoK.
item6286	 At the same time, any difference of opinion between them can be referred to the President, and in the meantime the Administrator’s action prevails on any urgent matter.
item6287	 In its eagerness to achieve its political objectives, the government should not end up pushing good money after bad by apportioning extra capital to these weak banks instead of supporting the ones that are on the recovery path. 
item6288	 Life is really good for Nicola and his friends, expect that they are essentially children.
item6289	This is the story of a very greedy rich man who chanced upon meeting a fairy.
item6290	 The fairy’s hair was caught in a few tree branches.
item6291	 Realising he had an opportunity to make even more money, he asked for a wish in return for helping the fairy.
item6292	 He said, ’All that I touch should turn to gold’, and his wish was granted by the grateful fairy.
item6293	The greedy man rushed home to tell his wife and daughter about his new boon, all the while touching stones and pebbles and converting them into gold.
item6294	 Once he got home, his daughter rushed to greet him.
item6295	 As soon as he bent down to scoop her up in his arms, she turned into a gold statue.
item6296	 He realized his folly and spent the rest of his days searching for the fairy to take away his wish.
item6297	Moral of The Story : Greediness will always lead to a downfall.