item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5039	It is already well established that antibiotics can dramatically alter our gut microbiota.
item5040	 While the Russian samovar has a knob at the bottom, the Kashmiri one has a teapot-like nose at the top.
item5041	The share of global wealth from the one percentage has swelled from twenty five to thirty percentage in the nineteen eighties to approximately forty percentage in twenty sixteen.
item5042	 At times, they also tend to tinker with the investigation reports sent to them, to reject the findings of investigating officers.
item5043	Of course, eye contact is not always so exciting ninetysix its a natural part of most casual conversations, after all ninetysix but it is nearly always important.
item5044	Its not shown on the chart, but happier songs tend to be more danceable.
item5045	Streaming services are gathering data on our listening habits at the same time as, many argue, theyre also changing them via recommendation algorithms.
item5046	 In the last few years, a discourse has arisen that seeks to paint a set of oppositional ideas as beyond the pale, and those who hold those ideas as being unworthy of civilised treatment.
item5047	At times the film seems to swing between the extremes of radicalism and moderation.
item5048	In Norway for instance, the shopper pays a deposit on every bottle - the equivalent of ten p to twenty five p depending on size.
item5049	The U.S. has also joined hands with Iran’s rivals, such as Saudi Arabia, to scuttle the country’s regional ambitions, while Israel is repeatedly bombing Iranian positions within Syria. 
item5050	However, there is no robust evidence on what this difference means specifically for the immune system.
item5051	 The logic is simple: in a pluralist democracy, no one set of ideas can set itself up as the universal truth, and enforce its position through coercion. 
item5052	 In the epistolary form, it has the life of Anandi emerge from the folds of the letters she exchanges with her American patron Mrs Carpenter and, later, with her husband, Gopalrao Joshi, during her medical studies in Pennsylvania.
item5053	 But the détente between the U.S. and Iran ended as soon as Mr. Trump became U.S. President. 
item5054	Felt and perceived emotion can be quite different, and the ambiguity of the words we use to describe them can bamboozle machines: when a person uses the tag hate it might mean that the song is about hate or that the person hates the song, says Paiva.
item5055	Today, WhatsApp helps the divided families exchange videos and see each other by cell phone.
item5056	 Two days after on July fourth, she posted it on YouTube with the caption: "When the River Meets the Ocean (Fraser River water flows into the Strait of Georgia)".
item5057	The water has not dispersed due to its size and a recent lack of wind.
item5058	We are fortunate to be in a historic moment when the manufacturing sector is about to go through a transformation wrought by disruptive technologies we have to find a way of making it work in India’s favour rather than against it. 
item5059	Diversity is imperative to all workplaces.
item5060	 People with different backgrounds and experiences, who come together as a team, can develop innovative ideas that will keep your company alive and thriving.
item5061	 Despite this, companies in many industries and roles are not benefiting from this because they are dominated by a single sex.
item5062	 For example, tech industry roles are typically filled by men, while nursing roles are typically filled by women.
item5063	 In both cases, the customers are more diverse than the people serving them—which doesn’t bode well for understanding their needs.
item5064	 To better serve your customers, it’s important to cultivate gender diversity in the workplace.
item5065	 This goes beyond equal representation of males and females, as it should also include those with a non-binary gender identity.
item5066	 Here are some tips to get started:
item5067	How to Create Gender Diversity in the Workplace
item5068	Build an inclusive workplace
item5069	Before attempting to hire for gender diversity, look within and evaluate your company culture.
item5070	 Is your company a good place to work, regardless of gender? 
item5071	 Do you treat people across the gender spectrum equally? 
item5072	 Consult your employees to learn how you can build a more inclusive workplace, and put in the work to continually improve your company culture.
item5073	 An inclusive culture will help build your employer brand, so you can attract and retain a diverse workforce.
item5074	 In our Diversity and Inclusion Handbook, we share even more concrete strategies to help you foster inclusion as your first step.