item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6514	When you are striving to be happy, you may become judgemental and unaccepting of negative things in your lifeeightyfive you almost berate yourself for feelings that are incompatible with happiness, she says.
item6515	Eran Elinav, an immunologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel, has recently found that some people are immune to probiotics ninetysix although he did this in a relatively small study that would require future research to come to any concrete answers.
item6516	 I maintain a certain critical distance from the way words are produced in this newspaper.
item6517	In a recent BBC television documentary I was asked if I would like to meet a Neanderthal today.
item6518	Now, excavations of two specific quarries - Carn Goedog and Craig Rhos-y-Felin - have revealed evidence of megalith quarrying taking place there five thousand years ago.
item6519	The attack on a religious gathering in Kabul that killed fifty people, including several scholars and clerics, is another signal of Afghanistan’s descent into chaos. 
item6520	The collision of the tilting cross with the palm, against which it appears to rest, prefigures the brutal bolting of Christs own palms onto the cross during crucifixion.
item6521	People could be divided into two groups ninetysix those in which probiotics were welcomed by indigenous microbiome and allowed to colonise the GI tract, where probiotics were able to change the microbiome, and those who were resistant.
item6522	When wading through the choppy waters of a festival, one sometimes discovers films from unlikely corners.
item6523	By implication, if modern humans were in south-western Iberia so early then they must have caused the early disappearance of the Neanderthals.
item6524	The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) wants to unveil the human mission’s details to stakeholders from multiple agencies, and also keep the nation in the loop about the prestigious mission, K.
item6525	Yes, some places have been warned that if they don't look after their site properly, they could lose the World Heritage Site status.
item6526	Tainter also blames it as a chief culprit of collapse, including for the Mayan.
item6527	 However, when an appeals court considers the issue, it should take the opportunity to reiterate a hoary truth: a democracy does not jail people simply for reading books, painting posters, or posting on Facebook.
item6528	The team then asked the participants to watch a heart-warming film about an Olympic win, and questioned them about their feelings afterwards.
item6529	Collapse is a tipping point phenomena, when compounding stressors overrun societal coping capacity.
item6530	 Variants of it are used in Afghanistan and Kashmir.
item6531	Alternative milks made from plants like soya or almonds are increasingly popular.
item6532	Yet another important eye feature are limbal rings: the dark circles that surround your irises.
item6533	Happiness devolves from something pleasant that I can enjoy right now, to something burdensome that I have to keep working at over and over and over, Maglio says.
item6534	A fox was once very hungry and went in search of some food.
item6535	 He searched everywhere, but he couldn’t find anything that he could eat.
item6536	 Finally, with his stomach rumbling, he came upon a farmer’s wall.
item6537	 On top of the wall were the biggest, juiciest grapes the fox had ever seen.
item6538	 The rich purple color told the fox that they were ready to be eaten.
item6539	 The fox jumped high in the air to catch the grapes in his mouth, but he missed.
item6540	 He tried again and missed again.
item6541	 He tried a few more times but missed each time.
item6542	 Finally, the fox decided to go home all the while muttering, ‘I’m sure the grapes were sour anyway’.
item6543	Moral of The Story: It’s easy to hate what you can’t have.