item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6999	 Now we rely on online video conferencing to see my uncle and aunt, which is not enough. 
item7000	And in that context, the judgment of the Additional Sessions Judge marks the beginnings of a trend that, if left unchecked, can swiftly erode our most cherished liberties.
item7001	Anne drove the vehicle all the way from Germany to Romania across many states of Europe, and finally to Ukraine.
item7002	Under attack on how the indirect tax regime has panned out, the Goods and Services Tax Council on Saturday announced a set of feel-good moves to reassure diverse stakeholders. 
item7003	Forever president: on Egypt’s draft constitutional changes
item7004	 Liverpool says it wants to work with Unesco to find a compromise.
item7005	Its been used to develop a gloom index of Radiohead songs, to reveal the most depressing Christmas song, to find out which European countries prefer sad songs Portuguese fado really is a downer and to show that even Eurovision winners are getting gloomier.
item7006	Mauss, meanwhile, points out that a lot of research has found that people who take a more accepting attitude to negative feelings ninetysix rather than constantly trying to fight them as the enemy of our wellbeing ninetysix actually end up more satisfied with their life over the long-term.
item7007	A common explanation of this apparent randomness is the Red Queen Effect.
item7008	By meeting kids where they already engage and create, teachers can better capture attention.
item7009	If our history is anything to go by, what would we do if we found a remotely isolated group of Neanderthals somewhere on Earth today? I leave it to the reader to answer that question.
item7010	 Sherine says, I am the first Balti woman to take up singing, as it is strongly discouraged by our conservative culture.
item7011	During the Cultural Revolution traditional artists were condemned as counter-revolutionaries and their work destroyed.
item7012	True story
item7013	Babies delivered by natural birth have been found to have higher gut bacterial counts than those delivered by Caesarean section because of the contact they make with their mother's vaginal and intestinal bacteria, says Lindsay Hall, microbiome research leader at Quadram Institute Bioscience.
item7014	The fact that the Islamic Republic has survived four decades is telling. 
item7015	How much has Indian athletics changed since you began running as a schoolgirl forty years ago?
item7016	I tried this and its not as easy as it sounds.
item7017	Mamata Banerjee also questioned the timing of the Pulwama terror attack, asking whether the government wanted to go to war when Lok Sabha elections were round the corner.
item7018	 I don’t think anybody else other than the SAI has had as much success.
item7019	Surdas was one of the greatest devotees of Lord Krishna.
item7020	 He loved Krishna so much that he is known to have written over a lakh devotional songs in his honour.
item7021	 Surdas was a blind man according to the story, who once took away Radha’s anklet when she was following him.
item7022	 When asked to return it, he refused, stating that he could not confirm her identity as he was blind.
item7023	 At this point, Krishna blessed him with sight, after which Surdas begged Krishna to take his sight away again.
item7024	 When asked why he said that he had seen Krishna and there was nothing else he wanted to see again.
item7025	Moral Lesson:This story will teach your child about how to love unconditionally and exhibit devotion towards those things that they care about.
item7026	Mandodari was the wife of Ravana. 
item7027	While he performed misdeeds and cruelties, she spent her days trying her best to convince him to be just and honourable. She even asked him to free Sita, although her advice fell on deaf ears. 
item7028	Till the end, she stayed loyal to her husband.
item7029	Moral Lesson: This lesson teaches your children to be patient with loved ones, even if they are committing mistakes, without giving up on them. 
item7030	Loving someone means supporting them even if not supporting their actions.