item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6206	A national review committee on Gaganyaan is slated to meet for the first time here on March five and six and comprehensively scan the contours of the first Indian human mission to space.
item6207	Indian High Commissioner to Pakistan Ajay Bisaria was also called to New Delhi for consultations in the wake of the attack.
item6208	 Roman adds, This is a living example of how much we still have in common despite the borders that have come up.
item6209	We are here and they are not and so we must seek differences to explain the data.
item6210	Moreover, although several liquor-related deaths have been taking place, it took this staggering number of casualties for the authorities to acknowledge the presence of free-flowing illicit liquor. 
item6211	 Thereafter, the onus should be on the State government to approach the High Court to seek a permanent ban. 
item6212	Gracenotes Mood employs a neural network to classify music tracks in terms of their mood profile, and the results are incredibly specific: Give it Away by the Red Hot Chili Peppers is thirty eight percent loud n scrappy and two percent alienated anxious groove.
item6213	But some of the mysterious absences of lactase-persistence could be down to sheer chance: whether anyone in a group of pastoralists happened to get the right mutation.
item6214	Saudi Arabia has influence over Pakistan and the Crown Prince Prince Mohammed bin Salman during two-day visit inked at least seven MoUs and agreement to make investments of worth USD twenty billion.
item6215	 Under the Constitution, the territory belongs to the President, who runs it through the L-G as Administrator.
item6216	When a machine looks at a song, it just sees a waveform.
item6217	 By the Grace of God is one of his more complex films a multi-layered screenplay, with several characters coming in and out of the narrative.
item6218	Retooling of machines is not required and each unit can be customised. 
item6219	 How do people know that they are being heard? The journalistic community always feels that its coverage reflects the priorities and aspirations of the people; hence, journalism itself is proof that the profession is sensitive to the society at large.
item6220	Avoiding the creation of dangerous and widely-accessible technologies is also critical.
item6221	 The trigger for the latest stand-off seems to have been Ms. Bedi’s move to enforce the rule for two-wheeler riders to wear helmets.
item6222	 First, the general expectation is that the field for the Democratic nomination will widen considerably over through twenty nineteen , given that more than three dozen Democratic candidates-in-the-making are said to be considering joining the race, several of them for the first time. 
item6223	While there are pathogenic E.coli, there are also E.coli that play a neutral or beneficial role in the gut, which would all be indistinguishable with the current method we use.
item6224	If you start early, you will need to stop work earlier too, so there may be no real benefits, points out Gail Kinman, professor of occupational health psychology at the University of Bedfordshire in Luton, England.
item6225	Temperature is a clear metric for climate change, G D P is a proxy for complexity and the ecological footprint is an indicator for environmental degradation.
item6226	Akbar once put a question to his court that left everyone puzzled.
item6227	 As they all tried to figure out the answer, Birbal walked and asked what the matter was.
item6228	 And so they told him the question.
item6229	‘How many crows are there in the city?’
item6230	Birbal immediately smiled, went up to Akbar and announced that the answer to his questions was twenty-one thousand five hundred and twenty-three.
item6231	 When asked how he knew the answer, Birbal replied, ‘Ask your men to count the number of crows.
item6232	 If there are more, then the crows’ relatives from outside the city are visiting them.
item6233	 If there are fewer, then the crows are visiting their relatives outside the city.
item6234	’ Pleased with the answer, Akbar presented Birbal with a ruby and pearl chain.
item6235	Moral of The Story: Having an explanation for your answer is just as important as having an answer.