item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6971	 But beyond the specific reasons behind the attack, the fact that a major religious gathering in the Afghan capital can be so easily assaulted by terrorists is worrying. 
item6972	 GST rationalisation is still a work in progress. 
item6973	 It connects Kargil to Baltistan’s Skardu area in PoK, which is less than five km from Kargil’s main market.
item6974	 And I feel the government should ensure that the huge amount of money spent on each athlete is properly utilised.
item6975	 Tourists Roman, forty seven , a Russian plumber, and Anne, thirty one , a German nurse, are looking forward to their mid-day bath, and understandably so.
item6976	The astronauts will be mainly trained at the IAF’s Institute of Aerospace Medicine in Bengaluru.
item6977	 The near side of the moon also suffers from this problem of noise. 
item6978	Early exercise and exposing yourself to light as soon as possible can help stimulate metabolism and body temperature, which gets you going more quickly.
item6979	MBS has made containment of Iran his top foreign policy priority, and has U.S. support in this pursuit. 
item6980	Samovar is a copper teapot with a chimney at the centre for charcoal.
item6981	 Those in authority deem all information not acceptable to them as nothing but disinformation.
item6982	 While the exercise to regulate online content is necessary, it is important that while framing such rules, a balance is struck between legitimate public interest and individual rights. 
item6983	Because of this, I have also depicted the income share of the global top one percentage.
item6984	 The question is whether the government can seize the moment, strengthen its own counter-insurgency measures and negotiate from a position of strength, with backing from international actors. 
item6985	 Even though the Centre claims to have made twenty five illegal drug seizures across India in a three-year period, tweleve of them didn’t actually find oxytocin. 
item6986	 These worries led to the All India Drug Action Network (AIDAN), a patient-rights group, to challenge the order in the Delhi High Court. 
item6987	A two thousand fifteen study by the London School of Economics showed GCSE test scores improved when schools in Birmingham, London, Leicester and Manchester banned phones from class.
item6988	 Indeed, it is vitally important that the courts, above all, remain free of this discourse, because it is the courts that are tasked with protecting the rights of precisely those individuals who are demonised and vilified by the ruling majority of the day. 
item6989	Maglio points out that social media makes us especially conscious of other peoples airbrushed lives, potentially increasing our desire to live a happier, more exciting life.
item6990	By secreting within his paintings an allusion to the heretical contention that seashells found in rocky mountain landscapes are evidence that the Churchs teachings on the creation of the Earth were wrong-headed and superstitious, Leonardo left himself and his work vulnerable to charges of heresy.
item6991	Ekalavya was a young boy living with his tribe deep in the forest.
item6992	 His aim in life was to become the finest archer the world had ever seen.
item6993	 However, when he asked to become Drona’s student, he is refused due to the low status of his birth.
item6994	 Despite this, Ekalavya created a statue of Drona and practised archery before it until he became incredibly skilled.
item6995	 However, when Drona encountered him and learned of his accomplishments, he was afraid that a tribal boy would surpass his best student, Arjuna.
item6996	 He demanded that Ekalavya sacrifice his own right thumb as payment for learning under his name.
item6997	 Without questioning Drona, Ekalavya immediately cut off his right thumb and gave it to him, and was unable to become the best archer in the world.
item6998	Moral Lesson:Your child will learn about hard work, respect and dedication, especially for their teachers and instructors.