item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4843	The first people to drink milk regularly were early farmers and pastoralists in western Europe ninetysix some of the first humans to live with domesticated animals, including cows.
item4844	 That a blaze could break out in a relatively new building with such deadly consequences calls into question the precautions taken by the authorities. 
item4845	 Now, director Claudio Giovannesi has adapted a new screenplay by Saviano (also based on his book), narrating another saga of the mafia in Naples, but this time entirely from the perspective of young teenagers.
item4846	There is the odd anomaly though ninetysix and these anomalies take us back to the Netherlands, where the black magus as a symbol flourished.
item4847	Yet Renaissance art repeatedly depicts Andromeda as white.
item4848	For some people, forcing yourself to wake up before the chickens because thats what your business idol does may not be the smartest or healthiest way to start the day.
item4849	These alternatives are often vegan-friendly and can be suitable for people who are allergic to milk, or intolerant of it.
item4850	They did not commit any physical violence, and nobody was harmed in any way. 
item4851	 Finally, the risk of pursuing a populist theme from the centre-left of the political spectrum is that she would be an easy target for Mr.Trump and conservatives, who are likely to deride her as an out-of-touch liberal academic and a threat to free enterprise. 
item4852	The Environmental Audit Committee is also concerned about the use of child labour, prison labour, forced labour and bonded labour in the manufacture of clothes.
item4853	 But it is unlikely that any fiscal stimulus will fully compensate for the absence of an accommodative monetary policy, particularly when most governments are already deeply mired in debt. 
item4854	When Iran signed the multilateral nuclear deal in two thousand fifteen, the Tehran elite hoped it would allow the country to join the global economic and diplomatic mainstream. 
item4855	 In a pluralistic, multi-party federal system, disdain for democratic conventions and the violation of well-entrenched behavioural patterns are causing irreversible damage to the polity.
item4856	Milk contains a type of sugar called lactose, which is distinct from the sugars found in fruit and other sweet foods.
item4857	For instance, a recurring finding is that gazing eyes grab and hold our attention, making us less aware of what else is going on around us that fading to grey that I mentioned earlier.
item4858	Which means we return to my original complaint: that the Indian thinking classes cannot think beyond the U.K. and U.S. models.
item4859	The reality is likely to be starker as these numbers do not capture wealth and income siphoned into overseas tax havens.
item4860	Programmes like Duolingo or Rosetta Stone can guide you through a few greetings and simple phrases at lightning speed.
item4861	 Palmyra is thought to be one of the most important cultural centres of the ancient world.
item4862	The schools preferred reading platform, Lexia, uses gamification to motivate participation.
item4863	This page includes recommended resources on forming better habits and breaking bad ones in any area of life, but if you'd like to explore information on specific types of habits, check out these articles:
item4864	Healthy Eating: The Beginners Guide on How to Eat Healthy and Stick to It
item4865	Procrastination: A Scientific Guide on How to Stop Procrastinating
item4866	Focus: The Ultimate Guide on How to Improve Focus and Concentration
item4867	Three Ways to Form Better Habits
item4868	How to Build a New Habit: This is Your Strategy Guide: Read this guide right now to learn five easy, powerful strategies for changing habits.
item4869	How To Start New Habits That Actually Stick: Every habit you have good or bad follows the same threestep pattern: 
item4870	Reminder (the trigger that initiates the behavior), routine (the behavior itself; the action you take), and reward (the benefit you gain from doing the behavior).
item4871	 This helpful framework can make it easier to stick to new habits so that you can improve your health, your work, and your life in general.
item4872	Identity-Based Habits: How to Actually Stick to Your Goals This Year: Most of the time we set our goals in the wrong way. Read this article to learn how identity-based habits can help you achieve your goals more easily.