item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6069	It would not have been lost on him that the palms that radiate outwards in the trees flaring fans are identical to the spokes found inside a scallop shell ninetysix a symbol associated not only with Mary, but specifically with the doctrine of her Immaculate Conception.
item6070	Unsurprisingly, the BJP is opposing the constitution of the SIT; instead it has called for a judicial inquiry or a probe by a House panel. 
item6071	Says Ajaz, After reaching the Mumbai coast, these toiletries travelled all the way to Central Asia through Yarkand, the cold desert of Khotan, and Kashgar.
item6072	 I learned that it was directed by Jayro Bustamante whose previous film Ixcanul set among the country's indigenous people was Guatemala's first official entry for the foreign language Oscar, and that it won awards at several festivals, including the Mumbai Film Festival.
item6073	 Even a situation like that was deemed insufficient to meet the high incitement? threshold, while here the Additional Sessions Judge managed to hold that Facebook posts amounted to direct incitement?. 
item6074	The Munshis have already been approached by the Chinese Embassy in India for help in establishing a museum dedicated to the Silk Route.
item6075	The Indian ocean of employment
item6076	"Now we find that nature has developed clever strategies to maintain the stability of genomes in these large-bodied, long-lived sharks.
item6077	 Ladakh is sparsely populated.
item6078	Scotland was the first part of the UK to commit to a deposit return scheme which is likely to see all drinks containers - including bottles and cans - having an additional charge of up to twenty p, which will then be refunded when the item is returned.
item6079	Given this definition, all empires are civilisations, but not all civilisations are empires.
item6080	 Reynolds Journalism Institute, focuses on one key area of disconnect between the public and journalists.
item6081	 The setting up of the Central Asian Museum in Leh, in two thousand sixteen, on the premises of a seventeen th century mosque, stands testimony to the people's attempt to reclaim the past, with an eye on the future.
item6082	 Even a situation like that was deemed insufficient to meet the high incitement threshold, while here the Additional Sessions Judge managed to hold that Facebook posts amounted to direct incitement.
item6083	Clustered into a pyramid, the works four figures ninetysix Jesus, John, Mary, and Uriel ninetysix huddle against a ragged snarl of soaring rock formations, perched beside a still pool that separates us from them.
item6084	Leonardo was a dab hand at inserting iconographically meaningful flora in his works; the primrose we see beneath the hand that Christ raises to bless John, for example, would have been recognised by contemporaries as an emblem of the saviours sinlessness.
item6085	But the rise of alternative milks is just the latest twist in the saga of humanitys relationship with animal milk.
item6086	 They became residents of India only in nineteen seventy one , when the Indian Army annexed eight hundred and four square km of territory from Gilgit-Baltistan.
item6087	An all-party meeting on Saturday on the car bomb attack on a CRPF convoy in Pulwama, Kashmir, on Thursday that killed forty jawans adopted a unanimous resolution to condemn terrorism and the support it receives from across the border.
item6088	 Afghan forces face a war on two fronts. 
item6089	 All the others in the pond agreed with them.
item6090	 Well! I know only one trick," said Ekkabuddhi.
item6091	 To leave the place before danger strikes.
item6092	" Ekkabuddhi and his wife left the pond in search of a safer place.
item6093	 All the fishes, crabs and frogs laughed at them as they left.
item6094	 The next day the fishermen returned to the pond and cast their net.
item6095	 Ouch! This net is too thick for me to bite through," cried Sahasrabuddhi.
item6096	 For me too," cried Shatabuddhi. Only if I could get out, I could do something.
item6097	 We should have listened to Ekkabuddhi," cried a fish.
item6098	 The fishermen caught them all and put all the fishes, frogs and crabs into a big basket and took them away.
item6099	In a forest close to the river bank mere lived a crane with his wife.
item6100	 They were very unhappy. Every time the wife laid eggs in their nest, a big black cobra who lived in a hollow in the tree, would eat them up.
item6101	 The crane had a friend the crab. 
item6102	 He went to his friend the crab and shared his misery.
