item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7185	It appears, slightly transformed from version to version, just above Marys right hand: the seemingly innocuous palm tree, whose flaring fronds especially crisp in the earlier Louvre version are fashioned in such a way as if to echo precisely the contours of an open scallop shell.
item7186	This is because, in historical terms, Tutankhamun was a non-entity ninetysix a weakling boy-king who didnt make it out of his teens.
item7187	Instead, most current Mer [music emotion recognition] systems are focused on perceived emotion, says Paiva.
item7188	Weve also started to glimpse how gut microbes can influence behaviour.
item7189	They believe sharks could also help wound-healing and blood-clotting, because of their ability to recover quickly from serious injuries.
item7190	 Second, it is hard to predict how Ms.Warren will fare against self-professed Democratic socialist candidate Bernie Sanders, or Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio, both economic populists who could hypothetically cut into her share of voters of a similar ideological persuasion. 
item7191	Five kg of carbon dioxide based on three.
item7192	Roman had once travelled overland from India to Russia via Tibet.
item7193	 The latter's exit, as that of his predecessor David Davis, underscores the extent to which Ms. May's blueprint for an exit has proved controversial even among Conservative eurosceptic Ministers and MPs. 
item7194	The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) says that the number of threatened places has grown from thirty five to sixty two.
item7195	There has been a lot of hype around the health benefits of prebiotics and probiotics in recent years, but while they're increasingly used in treatments including inflammatory bowel diseases such as Crohns disease and ulcerative colitis, several reviews suggest there needs to be further research on which strains and dosages are effective.
item7196	To appreciate just how surprising and provocative this complex symbol is ninetysix an Alpine palm tree doubling as a displaced scallop shell ninetysix we must first remind ourselves of the backstory of Leonardos vision, which pulses with a strange subterranean poetry all its own.
item7197	 Two phrases have come to dominate this discourse: urban Naxal and anti-national.
item7198	What should you do? 
item7199	 But Iran's leaders are under pressure with a weak economy and social tensions rising at a time when U.S. President Donald Trump is becoming increasingly hostile towards Tehran. 
item7200	 The military crackdown has vengefully targeted Islamists from the Muslim Brotherhood government of former President Mohamed Morsi, who has since been convicted.
item7201	But then evolution kicked in: some people began to keep their lactase enzymes active into adulthood.
item7202	Yet the world is worsening in areas that have contributed to the collapse of previous societies Similarly, innovation, as measured by per capita patent applications, is also rising.
item7203	I think the most coherent part of the picture is that theres a correlation with the way of life, with pastoralism, says Swallow.
item7204	This is possibly the first time that a law that provides for a maximum of one year in prison through an executive order without trial or bail is being used against those suspected of offences against cows. 
item7205	Listening to the nightingale's sweet voice, his own shortcoming was once again thrown into sharp relief became very evident.
item7206	 He began wondering why he was jinxed in such a manner.
item7207	 At that moment, when Juno, the leader of the Gods, appeared and addressed to the peacock.
item7208	 Why are you upset?? Juno asked the peacock.
item7209	The peacock complained about his rough voice and how he was sad because of it.
item7210	 The nightingale has such a beautiful voice. Why don't I?? 
item7211	After listening to the peacock, Juno explained,  that every living being is special in his or her own way.
item7212	 They are and made in a certain manner that serves the greater purpose.
item7213	 Yes, the nightingale is blessed with a beautiful voice, but you are also blessed  with such a beautiful and glittering plumage! The trick is acceptance and making the most of what you have.
item7214	? The peacock understood how silly he had been in comparing himself to others and forgetting his own blessings.
item7215	 He realized that day that everyone was unique in some way or the other.
item7216	 Moral Of The Story:Self-acceptance is the first step to happiness.
item7217	 Make the best of what you have rather than being unhappy about what you don't.
