item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7093	 The government has said that PCA banks which have shown better performance in terms of reduction in NPAs and improvement in return of assets will be given priority. 
item7094	Pakistan High Commissioner to India Sohail Mahmood was on Friday summoned in New Delhi by Foreign Secretary Vijay Gokhale who lodged strong protest.
item7095	The only thing anyone can logically infer from this SSO-called survey is that the government doesn't have the data to show that India's unemployment rate has been declining steadily since May two thousand fourteen , before plunging in December two thousand eighteen to its lowest ever since the time of Chandragupta Maurya.
item7096	People who wake up early are more in sync with the traditional corporate schedule and tend to have more proactive personalities, which might lead to better grades in school or higher wages on the job.
item7097	Research shows that if we take gut bacteria from depressed humans and colonise the guts of mice with it, the mice show changes in their behaviour and physiology that are characteristic of depression, she says.
item7098	India is certain to come under U.S. pressure to cut oil imports from Iran: 
item7099	The bottle plan is part of a wide-reaching government strategy to change our relationship with waste.
item7100	As an Arabic speaker Ive always understood that the Queen of Sheba was called Queen Belqis and came from Yemen.
item7101	 Isn't that odd? Not just me, no one in my entire extended family has ever been a part of an NSSO survey.
item7102	Happiness is the consequence of personal effort.
item7103	In its apparent eagerness to prevent incidents that may lead to a communal backlash, the Madhya Pradesh government is detaining potential victims to prevent them from indulging in provocative acts! In invoking the NSA in respect of minor offences, solely out of fear of aggressive protests by right-wing Hindu groups, the Congress regime in Madhya Pradesh is displaying utter cravenness. 
item7104	 Her songs are even aired on the local radio stations there. 
item7105	It doesnt make you sad in the way that happy music can cheer you up, or a scary piano crash in a horror film can freak you out.
item7106	My favourite piece of art-propaganda from the ancient world, though, is Trajans Column in Rome.
item7107	 The recent unsavoury drama, which witnessed a Kilkenny cat fight’ between the Director and his Number second, reflects the lack of institutional culture in the organisation.
item7108	Two decades later, Spotify has built an algorithm that aims to quantify the amount of sadness in a music track.
item7109	 So, for example, membership of a banned organisation a punishable offence both under the TADA and the UAPA was to be understood as being limited to active membership, i.e. incitement to violence.
item7110	"Every other Neolithic monument in Europe was built of megaliths brought from no more than ten miles away.
item7111	And Maglio argues that the findings arent a reason to avoid big life decisions that really could improve your own wellbeing ninetysix such as leaving an abusive partner.
item7112	 President Hassan Rouhani banked on increased investments to bolster the economy. 
item7113	Everyone knows of the Ramayana, the epic which chronicles the stories of the sixth incarnation of Mahavishnu, Lord Rama.
item7114	 In the Ramayana, Rama is forced to leave his kingdom and go into exile with his brother, Lakshmana, and wife, Sita.
item7115	 Near the end of his exile, Ravana, the king of Lanka, kidnaps his wife and holds her hostage.
item7116	 Facing all terrible odds, Rama still manages to fight Ravana and his enormous army and defeat him.
item7117	Moral Lesson:The moral of this story is the bond shared between two brothers and a husband and wife.
item7118	 It will teach your child about friendship, integrity and love for his fellow man.
item7119	 When the asura-king Mahishasura defeats Indra, the king of the gods, and takes his place in heaven, the great goddess Durga is created from the divine energies of all the gods combined. 
item7120	 She then takes on Mahishasura, the Buffalo Demon, and defeats him and his entire army, saving the world. 
item7121	 Moral Lesson:Durga shows both little boys and girls that women too possess great courage, strength and righteousness.