item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5461	 It is quite another when they begin to percolate into law-enforcement and legal discourse, where precision is crucial, because personal liberty is at stake. 
item5462	While it might seem counterintuitive, combatting this mental hurdle is as simple as pursuing a language with fewer similarities to the one you already know, according to Beverly Baker, a professor of language and bilingualism at the University of Ottawa.
item5463	So, whats the saddest song ever to hit number one?
item5464	 The train is fully booked for Sunday’s run.
item5465	 In Leh, I realised that the Russian word aksakal’, which means white-beard’ and wise man’, had become the designation for the customs officer who used to check the caravans on the Silk Route in the past.
item5466	His fascination with the shells displacement sheds intriguing light on how his mercurial imagination might craft the double entendre of a scallop-shaped palm tree, like the one that bristles to the left of Mary, just above Johns head.
item5467	Salas says that getting a full nights sleep and getting the same amount of sleep at the same time each night are both important.
item5468	 But Ms. May’s government faces an uphill task to secure parliamentary approval for the deal in the wake of a spate of resignations by senior Cabinet colleagues in the last few days. 
item5469	 There are chances of it getting misused, which would defeat the purpose of the initiative.
item5470	 Often you have the same people controlling a sport.
item5471	 Initial studies suggest that there is no sign of insect infestation or the presence of other vectors, adding to the mystery of how the disease is spreading.
item5472	 Around fouty five thousand women die from post-partum complications in India each year, and in thirty eight percent of the cases the reason is haemorrhaging. 
item5473	Theories abound about why sad music should give us this paradoxical pleasure.
item5474	WhatsApp at the border
item5475	 You are practically looking at negative unemployment: meaning, not only does every Indian have a job, they actually have two or three jobs each.
item5476	 Without the easy availability of inexpensive oxytocin, efforts to stem the maternal mortality epidemic could have suffered a costly setback. 
item5477	While this kind of attitude may work for some, the latest scientific research suggests that it can also seriously backfire for many people ninetysix leading, for instance, to feelings of stress, loneliness, and personal failure.
item5478	The footnote is that we have to change the chip, the paradigm if you prefer.
item5479	on establishing constitutional democracy and the rule of law, and securing the rights of women and minorities. 
item5480	The controversy rages in intellectual and society circles of India: do we need to replace the model of democracy that we have with the presidential model? It is a sad controversy, because it underlines the fact that the Indian thinking classes can seldom think beyond the U.K. and U.S. models.
item5481	What’s so special about twenty November?
item5482	Even though every day is, or at least should be, a day to nurture and celebrate children, Universal Children’s Day is celebrated as a special day around the world on twenty November.
item5483	 In nineteen hundreds eighty nine the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child – a fifty four-item list describing the universal rights of children – was signed.
item5484	 This document came out of the work of a lot of experts and representatives from many nations who met to create a child-specific version of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that was signed in nineteen hundred forty nine.
item5485	 The Convention on the Rights of the Child is the most widely and quickly signed treaty in history, meaning it was quickly adopted into the civil codes of most countries around the world.
item5486	What are human rights? And what are the rights of a child?
item5487	The Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that there are basic rights and freedoms that every human is entitled to, regardless of race, sex, language, religion, or anything else that may divide people.
item5488	 The Rights of the Child recognises that people under the age of eighteen have specific needs and are entitled to their own rights.
item5489	 There are four main principles that these rights follow: non-discrimination, the best interests of the child, the right to life, including survival and development, and the right to be heard and taken seriously.
item5490	 According to this, every child has the right to safety, to care, to education, to play, to rest and to know their rights!
item5491	What can we do?
item5492	The Convention on the Rights of the Child is the world’s promise to children that we, the adults, will do everything in our power to protect them, to educate them, and to help them grow.
item5493	 Are you helping keep this promise? There is a lot to be done to make the world a safer, more supportive place for children.
item5494	 The good news is, you’re an adult and you have the power to influence the next generation in the most wonderful way.
item5495	 Start by explaining the Rights of the Child to the children in your life.
item5496	 Let them know that they, just like all human beings, have rights.
item5497	 Help a child learn to love learning, so they can become a motivated adult just like you.