item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item7628	What are sharks packing in those genes?
item7629	 The Interim Budget announced on the eve of the two thousand nineteen general election clearly breaches certain long-settled conventions, by including many substantial measures that ordinarily would form part of a regular Budget.
item7630	 His grandfather, Munshi Aziz Bhat (eighteen eighty nineteen fifty), was a prominent owner of a Silk Route enterprise, Munshi Aziz Bhat And Sons.
item7631	They should be seen as a warning that there is a large reservoir of these genes we dont want to start mobilising, van Schaik says.
item7632	 For consumers, the peak tax rate of twenty eight percent levied on cinema tickets above hundred rupees, large screen television sets or monitors, digital cameras and lithium ion batteries, among others, was bought down to eighteen percent . 
item7633	 After the two thousand nine Green Movement, which was suppressed brutally, there were widespread anti-government demonstrations in two thousand seventeen to eighteen. 
item7634	 Tehran’s criticism of foreign intervention has some merit. 
item7635	But some tracks are low valence but high energy ninetysix the angry tracks.
item7636	Quite like it happened with Lars von Trier’s The House That Jack Built at Cannes last year, some people walked out of the screening of The Golden Glove at this year’s Berlinale.
item7637	First, it eliminates large capital outlays. 
item7638	Like the poster of Kitchener, most of it was strong at conveying a message or pushing a political ideology, but weak when considered in artistic terms.
item7639	We actually really underestimate the role technology is playing in childrens education right now and the power it gives them over the way they learn.
item7640	Over the ensuing years, the perplexing presence of oysters and corals and various other shells and sea snails on the high summits of mountains, far from the sea, worried away at the artists imagination.
item7641	The Mediterranean diet, on the other hand, which is typically high in fibre and low in red meat, has been likened to increased levels of faecal short-chain fatty acids, which have been found to have anti-inflammatory effects and improve the immune system.
item7642	Here are my vulnerabilities right now, and here are my strengths right now.
item7643	But there are also many populations where lactase persistence is much rarer: many Africans do not have the trait and it is uncommon in Asia and South America.
item7644	Haven't we heard all this before?
item7645	 She starts off with misgivings about his progressiveness being personal, rather than for the larger emancipation eventually becoming the couple’s strongest supporter and ally.
item7646	Introduce consistent labelling on packaging so consumers know what is recyclable.
item7647	The latest paper, which is not about Neanderthals, has been taken by some as evidence of an arrival into this area which is much earlier than previously known.
item7648	The Story Of Ganesha’s Single Tusk
item7649	There are many versions that explain this but this Bal Ganesh story does it best.
item7650	As legend has it, Mahabharata is Ved Vyas’ creation but it is said to be written by Lord Ganesha himself.
item7651	 Ved Vyas approached Ganesha so that he could transcribe the epic story as he narrated it to him.
item7652	 The condition was that Vyas had to narrate it without break and Ganesha would write it in a single go.
item7653	As they progressed in writing the story, there came a point where the quill that Ganesha was using to write it down broke and he had no other quills with him at that moment.
item7654	 Ved Vyas could not stop narrating the story since the condition was already set in stone for him.
item7655	 Without wasting any time, Ganesha quickly broke off one of his own tusks and fashioned it into a pen, using it to continue writing the epic without interruption.
item7656	 This allowed the epic to become a holy one and Ganesha and Vyas ended up completing it together.
item7657	Moral:This story of Ganesha shows very clearly how necessary it is to be disciplined and determined to complete a task once you have accepted to complete it, no matter what happens.
item7658	 A personal sacrifice might also be necessary to complete something epic.