item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5432	At various times in history women have even used a plant extract to deliberately dilate their pupils as a way to make themselves more attractive hence the colloquial name for the plant: belladonna.
item5433	In the past, students seemed to be accustomed to attending to a text for a longer period of time, says Erica Swift, sixth-grade teacher at Herman Leimbach Elementary in Sacramento, California, not far from Silicon Valley.
item5434	 The fact remains that neither the U.K.-inspired prime ministerial model nor the U.S.-inspired presidential model pass muster.
item5435	Globally, the picture is very different.
item5436	Were at a really interesting moment, says Nicola Dibben, Professor of Music at the University of Sheffield.
item5437	 But it's not the only interesting side to these findings.
item5438	So the Queen of Sheba had to be black in my mind.
item5439	And, hey, maybe that does mean waking up super early after all.
item5440	"She said the government should end throwaway fashion by incentivising companies that offer sustainable designs and repair services.
item5441	My immediate response was to say yes, but I hesitated and changed my mind.
item5442	At the halfway mark to the ten-day festival, The Golden Glove stood out as a fascinating film for me.
item5443	In nineteen forty six , the US State Department spent almost $ fifty thousand buying seventy nine paintings by Ben Shahn, Georgia OKeeffe and others for an international touring exhibition called Advancing American Art, which ended up in Prague at a time when Czechoslovakia was behind the Iron Curtain.
item5444	 It may not be as pretty as the Grand Canyon or the Taj Mahal, but it is important in the history of art and architecture so is a World Heritage Site as a result.
item5445	Inside your gastrointestinal GI tract are trillions of micro-organisms, including bacteria, fungi and viruses.
item5446	Still, this masks some more localised trends.
item5447	After the famous two thousand fifteen judgment in Shreya Singhal, in which Section sixty six A of the Information Technology Act was struck down, the position of law has been clear: speech can be punished only if it amounts to direct incitement to violence. 
item5448	 And families again got divided.
item5449	 The economic expansion in the United States, which began after the two thousand eight recession, is now the second-longest in history. 
item5450	And the Earth was therefore much older and far more haphazardly fashioned by violent cataclysms and seismic upheavals over a vast stretch of time not the smooth hand of God in a handful of days than the Church was willing to admit.
item5451	 Before bullet trains, we need bullet proof jackets for our jawans." 
item5452	What difficulties do children face?
item5453	Unfortunately, not everyone has a good childhood.
item5454	 Proportionately, more children live in poverty than adults.
item5455	 Nineteen point five per cent of the world’s children live in extreme poverty, and even though children are only one third of the global population, they are half of the poor.
item5456	 Around the world, many children live without access to clean water, enough food, or decent healthcare.
item5457	 Others live in extremely dangerous places and some are forced to join armies to fight wars they don’t understand.
item5458	 Over one twenty million children do not attend school and even those who do are not always learning: two out of five students leave primary school not knowing how to read, write or do basic maths.
item5459	 Even those who may have happy memories of childhood did not necessarily have an easy life as a kid.
item5460	 Children are dependent on the adults in their life for support, and not all adults treat children well.