item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4939	CDs were also encased in fragile polycarbonate cases, which, despite being a single material, arent widely recycled.
item4940	While high-quality CDs could last for fifty to hundred years under ideal conditions, this isnt true for many low-quality, cheap CDs.
item4941	Neanderthals are generally considered to have been a distinct human species Homo neanderthalensis that once inhabited a region stretching from Siberia in the east to Iberia in the west, and from Britain in the north to Iraq in the south.
item4942	 It is even more deplorable that on failing to make the sedition charge stick, a government puts away the same person under the NSA. 
item4943	Promoting the political values of a Greek city-state, these sculptures are the definition of art, in Picassos words, given the keys to the city ninetysix and yet few people would describe them as impotent.
item4944	Generally a bit of wind and wave action can break the plumes up quite quickly, but we have literally had no wind so they're just sitting there hanging, said Dr Frederieke Kroon from the Australian Institute of Marine Science.
item4945	These findings help to explain the familiar stress and disappointment that some feel during special events such as their birthday, Christmas or New Years Eve.
item4946	We also would need government support to provide incentives for distributed manufacturing in smaller towns, and for the IT industry to work on creating platforms and marketplaces that connect consumer demands, product designers and manufacturers in a seamless way. 
item4947	 One could sense discomfort among those who stayed back.
item4948	 Some smoke was also noticed, some added.
item4949	 Because of this it had been listed by both the World Health Organization and the Health Ministry as an essential medicine. 
item4950	 Seen in this light, Mr.Tharoors initiative is most welcome as a step towards removing or diluting penal provisions that inhibit literary freedom. 
item4951	 Its objective  that authors must be guaranteed the freedom to express their work without fear of punitive action by the State or by sections of society?  commends itself to any society that upholds liberal values. 
item4952	 It could not have gone on indefinitely, and the fact that a dialogue was formally initiated, albeit after much delay, is a welcome development.
item4953	It seems that reading about the happiness had raised the participants expectations of how they should be feeling when watching something optimistic and hopeful, and so they were constantly questioning how they felt.
item4954	 It would highlight the broken link.
item4955	 Every news ombudsman has his or her personal approach to effectively build trust.
item4956	You have roughly the same number of micro-organisms in there, mostly in the large intestine, as you do human cells in your entire body.
item4957	You started the Usha School of Athletics in two thousand two with the aim of winning India an Olympic medal.
item4958	If you arent facing a major life challenge, however, these effects might lead us to rethink our attitudes and behaviours.
item4959	The life of trees
item4960	Trees have always fascinated people. 
item4961	They are the biggest living things on our planet and one of the most beautiful. 
item4962	Trees appear in many religions and have inspired artists for thousands of years.
item4963	Do the preparation task first. 
item4964	Then read the article and do the exercise.
item4965	When I was a child I read a science fiction story that made me think about trees in a new way. 
item4966	In the story, visitors from an advanced civilisation come to our planet and their spaceship lands in the middle of a forest.
item4967	The aliens have a long conversation with the trees of the forest and then leave again, happy to think that the inhabitants of Earth are noble, intelligent and peaceful. Trees have always fascinated people. 
item4968	They are the biggest living things on our planet and one of the most beautiful. 
item4969	Trees appear in many religions and have inspired artists for thousands of years.
