item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item6870	Currently, the UK (and its overseas territories) has thirty one Unesco-listed sites.
item6871	 The Munshi brothers converted the only surviving inn of the Silk Route in Ladakh into a museum.
item6872	If you are constantly reminded of your friend at this exotic location or at that fancy dinner, I think that might serve as a reminder that other people are happier than you ninetysix and kick-start that goal of happiness again, Maglio said.
item6873	 Whatever be the origin of this conflict, the sight of a Chief Minister on an indefinite dharna is not seemly.
item6874	 It is anyone’s guess how much of a role the recent reverses suffered by the Bharatiya Janata Party in Assembly elections played in the latest decisions to slash rates or to ease the burden on businesses. 
item6875	While it entails drastically cutting down on red meat and other animal products, it nevertheless includes the equivalent of one glass of milk a day.
item6876	People traveling on the train at the time of malfunction said there was no power in the last four coaches and the brakes got jammed.
item6877	In other words, King Tut conquered eternity not because of his own exploits, but because the master craftsmen of the golden age of Egyptian art were capable of creating potent images of kingship that have never been surpassed.
item6878	Black Andromedas were few and far between ninetysix and images like Bernard Picarts print of Perseus seventeen thirty one and Andromeda by Abraham van Diepenbeeck sixteen fifty five appear to show a woman with stereotypical white features and hair, but with dark skin.
item6879	Scientists fear the sediment-laden waters may be blocking out light and effectively smothering coral.
item6880	In nineteen sixty six Mao Zedong, the Communist leader of China, started a political campaign that became known as the Cultural Revolution nineteen sixty six to nineteen seventy six.
item6881	In some industries, the progress is astonishing. 
item6882	This not only causes social distress, but handicaps a societys ability to respond to ecological, social and economic problems.
item6883	 What people need in Digital India are the bare digital necessities for survival in the digital economy: a digital ID, a bank account to digitally convert government cash transfers into insurance premiums and channel them into equity markets, and an Internet connection accessible via mobile phone.
item6884	Denigrating the Neanderthals has been part of that process of exalting our own.
item6885	How do bottle deposit schemes work?
item6886	While the Additional Sessions Judge does not use either of these specific terms, his entire judgment, however, is of a piece with this governing philosophy, where conjecture, association, and innuendo take the place of rational analysis. 
item6887	These effects dont end there.
item6888	 These include turquoise-studded silver necklaces and engravings from Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Khotan and Kashgar, and seventeen th century carpets from the weavers of Yarkand and Kashgar in Xinjiang.
item6889	 It is not inconceivable that, given how bitterly polarised the electorate is today, Ms.Warren’s bold liberalism could offer hope to millions of voters dismayed at what Mr.Trump has done to their nation. 
item6890	This is the story of a dog Pepsi who wouldn’t play with the street dogs because he thought they were too dirty.
item6891	 One day, two thieves entered his house while his master was out and tried to push him into a sack.
item6892	 He cried for help and suddenly the dogs who lived on his street came and bit the thieves who dropped the sack with Pepsi and ran away.
item6893	 Pepsi learned his lesson and became friends with the dogs on his street.
item6894	Moral:One must never discriminate against others based on their status or the things they own.
item6895	 Friendships are important.
item6896	Sheru the lion liked to scare everyone by roaring as loud as he could with no warning.
item6897	 Soon, everyone in the forest became miserable with his roaring and stopped playing with him.
item6898	 One day he convinced Rinku to play catch with him.
item6899	 As the game got more intense, Rinku passed the ball hard just as Sheru began to roar.
item6900	 The ball got stuck in his throat and the entire forest had to help him remove it.
item6901	 Sheru swore never to roar unnecessarily again.
item6902	Moral:One must not annoy the people around them just because it entertains us.