item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5498	 In this interview, she speaks about promising Indian athletes, why Kerala produces so many sportspersons, and sports management in the country.
item5499	 Could anything be more ridiculous than the suggestion that I was jealous of Chithra? It is a little sad to reflect that many people don’t know the contribution I made to Indian sport, against brave odds and often all alone for such a long time.
item5500	She also wondered if simply asking the question ninetysix how happy am I? ninetysix could create a self-consciousness that quashes the feelings you are trying to cultivate.
item5501	But experts agree that its more than possible to make meaningful progress in just one hour a day.
item5502	Before that, two unmanned trial flights with human-friendly capsules are to be flown in two thousand twenty , carrying a few micro-gravity experiments.
item5503	Within Iran, the regime is facing repeated protests as economic hardships mount. 
item5504	 And it has to do with the British model of winner takes all’.
item5505	Youve probably felt this way during a big event like a wedding, or an expensive trip of a lifetime: the more you wanted to enjoy every last moment, the less fun it became, whereas an unexpectedly good trip somewhere nearby may have been a far more positive experience.
item5506	They say that our eyes are the only part of our brain that is directly exposed to the world.
item5507	Bifidobacterium, a group of bacteria associated with health, are often found in the guts of babies who are breast-fed.
item5508	 It is mystifying why the Centre clamped down on licensed manufacturers with a proven track record, while roping in a state firm with no real experience. 
item5509	When you look another person in the eye, then, just think: it is perhaps the closest you will come to touching brains ninetysix or touching souls if you like to be more poetic about these things.
item5510	 These terms have nothing to do with incitement to violence or creating public disorder.
item5511	 The proof will come when the allocations to individual banks are announced. 
item5512	It was a temporary setback, and people often could easily return to agrarian or hunter lifestyles.
item5513	The suggestion in this recent paper is that skull shape may represent rearrangements in the brain that may reflect differences in the way we think and act.
item5514	 There is a simmering anger among sections of the youth contending with unemployment and the absence of avenues for dissent.
item5515	Many people cite fewer distractions during the early hours: kids or anyone else in your home are probably still asleep, for example, and youll probably be receiving fewer texts or emails at that time.
item5516	I came to the mouth of a great cavern, Leonardo would later attest, in front of which I stood sometime astonished.
item5517	As Rachel Nuwer wrote on BBC Future in two thousand seventeen, in some cases, civilisations simply fade out of existence becoming the stuff of history not with a bang but a whimper.
item5518	Diwali is a festival of light which originated in South Asia and is celebrated over five days.
item5519	 The dates change every year, but it is always celebrated in October or November and is now celebrated around the world.
item5520	 Do the preparation task first. Then read the article and do the exercises.
item5521	 Diwali comes from the worddeepavali, which means ‘rows of lighted lamps’.
item5522	 During the festival, these lamps, calleddiyas, are used everywhere.
item5523	 They symbolise the victory of light over darkness, or good over evil.
item5524	 Diwali is celebrated differently in different regions and by different religions and is a bank holiday in many countries, including India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Myanmar, Singapore, Malaysia, Mauritius, Fiji, Guyana, Suriname and Trinidad and Tobago.
item5525	 It is often considered a Hindu festival, but in fact it is also celebrated by Sikhs, Jains and Newari Buddhists.
item5526	Here are some of the things that happen during the five days of Diwali.
item5527	Day One – Dhanteras, or Day of Fortune : The first day has a focus on fortune, both good luck and money or valuables.
item5528	 People may wash money to show that they intend to use it to do good in the world.
item5529	 It is also a day for helping people who are not as well off.
item5530	It is a lucky day for buying gold and silver and other metals, so people often buy jewellery or cars, or anything made of metal.
item5531	 It is estimated that last year Indians spent about three to nine billion dollars during Diwali.
item5532	People also make sure that their houses are clean, ready to welcome in Lakshmi, the Goddess of Wealth and Prosperity, in the evening.