item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5401	"Sophie Gorton, an associate lecturer in textiles at Chelsea College, is a long-standing proponent of sustainable fashion.
item5402	 Theirs is a cryptic, mystifying love.
item5403	Saudi Arabia, which has traditionally exercised great influence over Pakistan, had recently offered a $six billion loan to Islamabad to stabilise the economy. 
item5404	 Another reason a place could become a World Heritage Site is if it is exceptionally beautiful, such as the Taj Mahal in India, which is famous for its amazing architecture.
item5405	 In fact, coral reefs and glaciers are among the most threatened ecosystems on the planet.
item5406	 The economy has returned to a growth trajectory following an International Monetary Fund loan in two thousand sixteen, in exchange for cuts in public subsidies.
item5407	All that we want is to play for the sake of peace and for the people of Kashmir, he told AFP.
item5408	A catch-all deposit would mean big bottles going into recycling machines rather than home recycling bins, he argued.
item5409	Of course, people may have personal reasons for making an early start.
item5410	Bending back and forth, I tried to see if I could discover anything inside, but the darkness within prevented that.
item5411	The data is drawn from two studies on the growth and decline of empires.
item5412	 In recent times, several attempts to get books withdrawn, pulped or sanitised of offending content have achieved full or partial success in India. 
item5413	Not only is this consistent with the Supreme Court's jurisprudence, it also harks back to a venerable Indian tradition of civil liberties.
item5414	Depending on where your community lived, you may have evolved to tolerate it for one reason over another.
item5415	 The moon’s near side is believed to have a thinner shell, so that when meteorites bombarded it they cracked its shell, releasing lava which gushed out and covered traces of the impact and left dark patches. 
item5416	Few art historians doubt that Leonardos vision was influenced by his memory of a mountain excursion on which he found himself wandering among gloomy rocks.
item5417	As of two thousand fifteen, the literacy rate among Iran’s adult population was ninty three percent. 
item5418	 More important, the infusion will help banks boost lending and stimulate economic activity going into an election year. 
item5419	 But clearly, there are enough reasons to view its numbers with suspicion, before dismissing them outright.
item5420	 The necessary repairs have been done and the semi-high speed train will commence its commercial operations from Sunday, as scheduled, railway sources said.
item5421	Children all around the world need adults to help them, to protect them and to teach them their rights.
item5422	 Do you know what the Rights of the Child are? Every year, twenty November is Universal Children’s Day, a chance for all of us to learn how we can help the youngest, most vulnerable members of our communities.
item5423	 What was your childhood like?
item5424	Childhood is a universal experience, something every adult across the world has gone through.
item5425	 For many, childhood is a time we are nostalgic for.
item5426	 It’s a time of curiosity, imagination, exploration and incredible development.
item5427	 The fact that you are reading this article possibly means that you had a fortunate childhood that shaped you into the motivated adult you are today – here, improving your English skills.
item5428	 But what helped to get you this far? Who inspired you along the way? For many of us, a special adult helped us to learn and grow as children and led us to love learning.
item5429	 For some, it was a great teacher or wise neighbour.
item5430	 Others had parents, grandparents or other relatives who encouraged them to be curious and study hard.
item5431	 Even if your childhood wasn’t easy, you probably had at least one inspirational adult in your life who encouraged you and was a role model.