item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item5737	Norman Rockwells misty-eyed and saccharine wartime posters; histrionic and bombastic images of Benito Mussolini; a chilling portrait of Hitler encouraging the cult of the F\FChrer: all these examples have a mindless quality in which art is subordinate to brainwashing.
item5738	Looking at the location of the two quarries on the north side of the Preseli hills, it is now possible that the bluestones could have simply been taken by land all the way to Salisbury Plain.
item5739	However, the finale gets a tad too melodramatic with all the speechifying and the earnest invocation of India, not to miss the noble-minded celebration of the Indian women pioneers in the end credits.
item5740	Breaches of democratic conventions are adding to the already existing disquiet.
item5741	Collapse expert and historian Joseph Tainter has proposed that societies eventually collapse under the weight of their own accumulated complexity and bureaucracy.
item5742	 One environmentalist said it was unbelievably radical in some respects.
item5743	Why do green activists insist big and small bottles are targeted?
item5744	 Everything short of that, including advocacy of any kind, is protected by the Constitution.
item5745	It is a restatement of the idea that modern human superiority was the cause of the Neanderthal demise.
item5746	Trust is not a mathematically quantifiable attribute.
item5747	While the Additional Sessions Judge does not use either of these specific terms, his entire judgment, however, is of a piece with this governing philosophy, where conjecture, association, and innuendo take the place of rational analysis.
item5748	The big question around these transplants is defining what a normal gut microbiome is.
item5749	 We should learn our lessons from Russia, whose athletes have been banned by the world athletics body.
item5750	 There is truly no solace in his new life until he succumbs to mounting pressures.
item5751	According to FSI research, it takes around four hundred eighty hours of practice to reach basic fluency in all Group one languages.
item5752	An agency of the government, part of the Ministry of Personnel functioning under the Prime Minister, supervised at one step removed by the Central Vigilance Commission, and constantly under the watch of the Supreme Court, the CBI serves many masters.
item5753	Still, it seems unlikely that alternative milks will make much of a dent in the worlds growing appetite for milk, at least over the next decade.
item5754	The problem, says Maglio, is that happiness is something of a nebulous and moving goal ninetysix its very difficult to feel that youve reached maximum happiness and even if you do feel content, you want to prolong those feelings.
item5755	 The Prime Minister announced impending cuts in the twenty eighty percent slab, and reacted positively to the film industry’s demand for lower GST. 
item5756	 Even more will depend on how the two governments manage their relationship in a way that avoids making pilgrims a pawn in bilateral tensions. 
item5757	A Town Mouse and a Country Mouse were friends.
item5758	 The Country Mouse one day invited his friend to come and see him at his home in the fields.
item5759	 The Town Mouse came and they sat down to a dinner of barleycorns and roots the latter of which had a distinctly earthy flavour.
item5760	 The flavour was not much to the taste of the guest and presently he broke out with “My poor dear friend, you live here no better than the ants.
item5761	 Now, you should just see how I fare! My larder is a regular horn of plenty.
item5762	 You must come and stay with me and I promise you shall live on the fat of the land.
item5763	 "So when he returned to town he took the Country Mouse with him and showed him into a larder containing flour and oatmeal and figs and honey and dates.
item5764	 The Country Mouse had never seen anything like it and sat down to enjoy the luxuries his friend provided.
item5765	 But before they had well begun, the door of the larder opened and some one came in.
item5766	 The two Mice scampered off and hid themselves in a narrow and exceedingly uncomfortable hole.
item5767	 Presently, when all was quiet, they ventured out again.
item5768	 But some one else came in, and off they scuttled again.
item5769	 This was too much for the visitor.
item5770	 "Good bye," said he, "I'm off.
item5771	 You live in the lap of luxury, I can see, but you are surrounded by dangers whereas at home I can enjoy my simple dinner of roots and corn in peace." 