item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8051	Collapse, in our case, would be a progress trap.
item8052	 Germans at large will have a chance to decide whether they can take so much violence when the film opens in theatres later next week.
item8053	She says that while smartphones have clearly affected her students developing brains, training on how to tackle the issue is lacking: how education should evolve for digital-native students was not covered when she qualified in two thousand fifteen.
item8054	Thats far from perfect, and reducing a track to a single value loses a lot of information about the emotional changes that happen over the course of a track.
item8055	 As the cost to the U.S. economy of the shutdown soared close to $eleven billion by late-January, Mr. Trump backed down on his demand, yet warned that unless Congress yielded on the border wall funding, I will use the powers afforded to me under the laws and the Constitution of the U.S. to address this emergency. 
item8056	Michael Ohajuru, an art historian who leads tours around Londons galleries examining the representations of black people in art came to study Renaissance art history through his fascination with the black magus.
item8057	 Much of this gloom has to do with the rise in fears that global economic growth could come to a grinding halt in the near future. 
item8058	In his speech, the economist went further: Why stop at music? Peoples tastes in books, TV and radio may also offer a window on their soul.
item8059	It's like asking how an airplane goes sightseeing.
item8060	Ohajuru was surprised at the positivity of this figure that contrasted with historys many depictions of black people in servile roles.
item8061	Why is this so exciting? 
item8062	Some school districts have standardised digital migration to platforms like Google Classroom, which allows students and parents to monitor grades and upcoming assignments, tracking performance to better understand where students are falling behind.
item8063	See our feature: A ten -minute exercise to boost happiness.
item8064	 Says Ajaz, China seems equally interested in reviving the links.
item8065	The important question of course, and one which genetics is unlikely to resolve, is to what degree these differences between Neanderthals and ourselves actually had an effect and impact on the ground.
item8066	Nations are, on average, less reliant on single types of exports than they once were.
item8067	For countries that have already invested in heavy manufacturing, this shift to adaptive manufacturing will be difficult and expensive. 
item8068	 Let us see how she fares over the next year or so.
item8069	The first time that we see the lactase persistence allele in Europe arising is around five thousand years BP [before present] in southern Europe, and then it starts to kick in in central Europe around three thousand years ago, says assistant professor Laure Segurel at the Museum of Humankind in Paris, who co-authored a two thousand seventeen review of the science of lactase persistence.
item8070	 It shows that earning trust is the job of journalists.
item8071	The Story of Krishna's Parents
item8072	A long time ago, there was a King named Ugrasen, who had two children  a son named Kansa and a daughter named Devaki.
item8073	 Devaki was a gentle person, but Kansa was evil.
item8074	 When he grew up, he put his father in jail and took over the king's throne, while his sister got married to King Vasudev.
item8075	One fine day, Kansa heard a warning from the skies (akashvaani)  The eighth son of your sister will one day grow up to kill you.? 
item8076	This shook the evil Kansa to the core, and he wanted to kill his sister.
item8077	But Vasudev begged for her life and agreed to let Kansa kill their eighth child.
item8078	 Kansa imprisoned his own sister and her husband.
item8079	 The eighth child of the couple was Lord Krishna, who survived all the attempts Kansa made to kill him, and eventually vanquished his evil Uncle.
item8080	Moral  If you are evil and have evil intentions, you will be punished for your sins. Always be positive and think of doing good deeds to others.
