item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8762	While the contraction in gem and jewellery exports widened to thirteen percent in April, from four percent in March, the slump in the leather segment broadened to fifteen percent from six percent.
item8763	And the pace of growth of garment exports decelerated to four percent from fifteen percent in March.
item8764	Imports grew by four percent to dollar fourty one billion in April, accelerating from March's one percent pace as purchases of crude oil and gold continued to increase.
item8765	While the nine percent jump in the oil import bill, from March's five percent, can partly be explained by the rise in international crude prices (Brent crude futures, for instance, advanced six percent in April), India's insatiable appetite for gold, as reflected in the fifty four percent surge in imports last month, must give policymakers cause for reflection.
item8766	Excluding oil and gold, however, imports shrank by more than two percent last month, signalling that import demand in the real productive sectors is largely becalmed.
item8767	As a result of merchandise imports outpacing exports, the trade deficit widened to a five-month high of dollar fifteen billion.
item8768	The widening trade shortfall will add pressure on India's burgeoning current account deficit, which at a provisional dollar fifty one billion in the first nine months of fiscal twenty eighteen-nineteen had already surpassed the preceding financial year's twelve -month shortfall of dollar fourty eight billion.
item8769	With stronger headwinds ahead in the form of an escalating trade war between the U.S.and China, and its knock-on impact on global growth, the outlook for export demand is far from reassuring.
item8770	Add the rising military tensions in West Asia and its potential to further push up oil prices, and the scope to contain the trade and current account deficits seems significantly challenging.
item8771	Clearly, this would be one more pressing concern for the new government to address.
item8772	The death of Mahatma Gandhi last evening at New Delhi at the hands of an insensate assassin in circumstances too tragic for reiteration has cast a deep gloom over the country from the effects of which it will not be easy for it to recover.
item8773	For, as the Prime Minister of India has suggested in his broadcast, at no time in the long and chequered history of this great country were Gandhiji's wise counsel, courageous guidance, unexcelled foresight and imperturbable patience in the face of events the most calamitous more necessary than today.
item8774	It will be universally accepted that but for his steadying direction, unerring judgment, and a determination which accepted no defeat, the turmoil which befell us in the wake of the partition of the country would have continued to menace us in an ever-increasing measure.
item8775	The hundreds and thousands of messages which keep the wires and radio of the world vibrating at the moment show how deeply Gandhiji has impressed humanity as an apostle of peace and as one who has been rightly hailed as the world's Second Saviour.
item8776	What is the secret of Gandhiji's world-wide fame and unquestioned influence? For one thing, his culture had all the traits of what is called the culture of character.
item8777	He thought closely and seriously; he insisted on seeking fact or truth for one's self boldly and clearly, and not merely echo it as hearsay; he cherished, not fashions or expedients of thinking, but true convictions with a strength of feeling which neither the coaxing of friends nor the railleries and the rapier thrusts of opponents could weaken.
item8778	Throughout his career in whatever continent, country or clime his activity for the time being lay — whether in South Africa, Sabarmati or Champaran in the sub-montane region of Bihar among the indigo planters there— he carried to those among whom he worked unquestionable conviction that he could be trusted.
item8779	It was because he inspired such trust that he proved a determining force in the formation of public opinion.
item8780	He was essentially a man of action, not of sweet words.
item8781	He had further, what many others lacked, a constructive faculty.
item8782	He would not merely denounce other men and other measures; he would show them a way and a method better than theirs.
item8783	Gandhiji had a philosophy of his own and a way of life steeped in Sanatana Dharma; and neither that philosophy nor the way of life to which it led one was such as may be dismissed offhand as obscurantist.
item8784	No wonder so many leaders of thought in Europe and America have been profoundly struck and influenced by his ideas of plain living and high thinking, non-violence even in the face of extreme provocation and a life of service to all.
item8785	The Father of the Nation has passed away.
item8786	What shall we do now; and what is our duty? Our leaders, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel — Gandhiji's trusted chelas — have both held aloft the torch of wisdom, guiding us along the path shown to us by the departed leader.
item8787	Not having strong confidence in yourself is a recipe for disaster in life.
item8788	It's incredibly common for people to lack self-confidence, especially when you're growing up and there's a lot of pressure on you from your friends to do certain things, look and act a certain way to fit in.
item8789	And that's what makes it so hard. If you weren't considered cool in high school, or people gave you a hard time because of the way you looked; your confidence from that point on will be at an all time low.
item8790	Naturally, of course it will be.
item8791	So to bounce back from that and really start to go after what you want in life, you need to get over any problems you may have had in the past and finally be able to belief in yourself.
item8792	Self-confidence is the key to any success in life. It doesn't matter which part of your life you want to improve – this change in mindset guarantees you an improved life in every situation.
item8793	If you struggle with being confident and you can't quite seem to step out of your shell, check out some challenges you can do every day to improve your self-confidence. 
item8794	I've been doing them for a while now and they make such a difference!