item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8367	There are multiple rankings linked to the game's formats ranging from five-day Tests to abridged Twenty twenties, but when it comes to bragging rights about what constitutes the best squad, it is essential to have won the World Cup.
item8368	Debates vanish and the champion unit is allowed its swagger.
item8369	As the quadrennial event returns to England, with Thursday's opening game pitting the hosts against South Africa at the Oval, it is an opportunity for captains and their teams to reshape their legacies.
item8370	Interestingly, the inaugural fixture features two under-achievers in cricket's showpiece event.
item8371	England and South Africa have often flattered to deceive.
item8372	The former failed to get past stronger opposition in some summit clashes while the latter repeatedly remained a bundle of nerves and choked at climactic stages.
item8373	Both now get another shot at correcting these anomalies, and the first step among many more to follow will be made on Thursday.
item8374	A history of under-performance is not among Australia's worries as it has five World Cup titles in its kitty.
item8375	But it needs to wrest back its reputation as a standard-bearer.
item8376	Last year's ball-tampering crisis drove a knife into a proud sporting nation's heart; two of the perpetrators, Steve Smith and David Warner, are back in the squad, keen to recover their lost space and respect.
item8377	Redemption is not just a yearning, it is a burning need.
item8378	India, cricket's commercial heart, steps in under a captain who is as combative as ever.
item8379	Virat Kohli was a rookie when M.S.Dhoni's men triumphed in the twenty eleven World Cup final at Mumbai; now he leads the squad and remains batsman-supreme.
item8380	An experienced batting component, a clutch of all-rounders and a fine pace-bowling unit helmed by Jasprit Bumrah are at India's core, and it would be an upset if this squad doesn't prevail in the round-robin league and qualify for the semifinals.
item8381	But this is anyone's game as Kapil Dev and his men showed at Lord's in nineteen eighty three while stunning the West Indies in a gripping World Cup final.
item8382	That David quelling Goliath' tale found many repetitions in subsequent World Cups, and any outfit from among Pakistan, New Zealand, West Indies, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh can be the world-beater on its day.
item8383	There is Afghanistan too as cricket's latest illustration of its power to be about more than the competition itself.
item8384	It is thus disappointing that driven by commercial considerations, the ICC chose to limit the twenty nineteen tournament to just ten teaMs.In the end, World Cups are won by captains who believe nothing is impossible and lead from the front.
item8385	India will hope that it will be Kohli when the final concludes on July fourteen.
item8386	Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision to invite leaders of the other six BIMSTEC (Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation) countries to the swearing-in ceremony of his Council of Ministers sends out several messages on his new government's foreign policy focus.
item8387	To begin with, as the Foreign Ministry's announcement notes, the invitation to Bangladesh, Bhutan, Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Thailand is a continuation of the neighbourhood first? policy behind Mr.Modi's invite to leaders of South Asia for his twenty fourteen swearing-in ceremony.
item8388	Second, by not inviting leaders of Afghanistan, Pakistan and the Maldives on this occasion, the government is underlining that its regional preferences have shifted from the SAARC grouping to BIMSTEC, given the logjam at SAARC because of India-Pakistan tensions.
item8389	Unlike in twenty fourteen, when he invited Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif with an element of hope and a desire to turn the page on bitter bilateral ties, Mr.Modi is signalling that he does not hold the same optimism in twenty nineteen.
item8390	Thailand is not just a member of BIMSTEC but also holds the chair of ASEAN this year, and an invitation is as much about India's Act East? initiative and outreach to East Asia.
item8391	Finally, the separate invitation to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation chairperson, President Sooronbay Jeenbekov of Kyrgyzstan, indicates India's commitment to the Central Asian grouping led by China and Russia, with Mr.Modi slated to attend the SCO summit in June.
item8392	One afternoon a fox was walking through the forest and spotted a bunch of grapes hanging from over a lofty branch.
item8393	Just the thing to quench my thirst,? he thought.
item8394	Taking a few steps back, the fox jumped and just missed the hanging grapes. 
item8395	Again the fox took a few paces back and tried to reach them but still failed.
item8396	Finally, giving up, the fox turned up his nose and said, They're probably sour anyway,? and proceeded to walk away.
item8397	Moral of the story: It's easy to despise what you can't have.