item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8561	YSR had helped the Congress win more than three dozen Lok Sabha members from the undivided State in two thousand four and two thousand nine, the single biggest contingent for the party from any State and which powered the UPA- one and UPA- two in Parliament.
item8562	Y.S.Jagan Mohan Reddy, YSR's son, sought the top post in the State after his father's death, but the Congress high command, which has a high tolerance for demands of offsprings of party leaders, raised the bar in this instance.
item8563	Mr.Reddy launched his regional outfit, the YSRCP, cleaned out the Congress, which was reeling under the adverse after-effects of the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh, and has now won decisively across regions of the State nine years later.
item8564	In Odisha, Mr.Patnaik's victory in the Assembly was overwhelming but the BJP, which has won eight of the twenty one Lok Sabha seats from the State, is sitting in the wings, having displaced the Congress as the principal Opposition party.
item8565	The results in Odisha are also indicative of a new political trend whereby voters differentiate between the State and national elections.
item8566	Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh, States that chose the Congress over the BJP in Assembly elections only months ago, swung right back to the saffron party in the Lok Sabha polls.
item8567	In Odisha, even with both elections being held simultaneously, this demarcation is stark, though the BJD still got more seats than the BJP.
item8568	In Mr.Reddy's case, he swept the Lok Sabha polls too, indicating that a hard-working regional leader with effective political messaging can resist top-down hyper-nationalism.
item8569	The definitive nature of the Bharatiya Janata Party's victory in the seventeen th general election marks an unmistakable inflection point in the journey of the Republic.
item8570	If the sixteenth general election in twenty fourteen catapulted the BJP as the primary pole of Indian politics, relegating the Congress to a distant second, twenty nineteen establishes it as the overarching hegemon.
item8571	For good reasons, this result is being viewed as an endorsement of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's persona, and his imprint on this victory is distinctive.
item8572	But it will be a folly to ignore the underlying structural reasons that made this victory possible, and its sweep so deep and wide.
item8573	It takes strong personalities to popularise an idea, but it is those ideas that outlive personalities that define the course of a people or a nation.
item8574	The outcome, hence, must be understood as an electoral endorsement of Hindutva, or Hindu nationalism, the creed that guided the BJP and its forebears for nearly a century since Vinayak Damodar Savarkar wrote the treatise by the same title.
item8575	Mr.Modi, who counts Savarkar as a critical influence, has been the catalyst and the alchemist of the transformation in the way India imagines itself.
item8576	In recess, if not in irreversible decline, is the idea of India that had grown from the freedom movement, and had prevailed for most part of the history of the Republic.
item8577	Championed by the first Prime Minister of India, Jawaharlal Nehru, it sought inspiration from the millennia-old civilisation, the Vedas and the Upanishads, but also strived to build India into a modern society with a scientific temper and liberal values.
item8578	The idea outlived Nehru, but it had begun to fade soon after his passing.
item8579	Nehru and his mentor, Mahatma Gandhi, were the prime targets of derision for the proponents of Hindutva in the early years.
item8580	With the twenty nineteen result, Hindutva has pushed Nehruvian secularism to the margins of Indian politics.
item8581	The Congress, now led by Nehru's great-grandson Rahul Gandhi, did better than in twenty fourteen, but not enough to even be recognised as the official Opposition in the Lok Sabha.
item8582	The twenty nineteen verdict has also dismantled social justice politics in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, two States that together send one twenty members to the Lok Sabha.
item8583	The rise of Hindutva since the nineteen eighties had a parallel — a new wave of backward caste mobilisation in parts of northern and western India, which questioned the Nehruvian elite's grip on power.
item8584	While parties based on social justice politics or regional pride weakened the Congress, they also viewed the BJP with scepticism despite their occasional association with it.
item8585	Through deft coalition-building, the BJP used many non-Congress outfits to further its own growth and gobbled them up in several States, such as Gujarat.
item8586	Remember I said above that half of the people who don't go to university or college just can't be bothered to do anything ambitious in the first place?
item8587	Well those people have got their own little subheading right here.
item8588	The reason they don't take action is simply because they can't be bothered to do so. 
item8589	It seems like so much effort and they'd rather skate by through life without having to lift too many fingers, than actually go out, enjoy their life and make something of themselves.
item8590	We hope that this won't be the case for any of you guys and girls reading this article today; but if it is, why so? Drop me an email and let me know your thoughts.