item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8965	To deliver on the promise of economic growth and good governance, Mr.Ramaphosa must stand ready to power through any resistance to reform by the ANC old guard, some of them Mr.Zuma's avowed allies.
item8966	With Sunday's sixth phase of polling, voters in four eighty three of the five fourty three Lok Sabha constituencies have voted.
item8967	The electoral process has been a mirror to both India's failings and its promise as the world's biggest democracy.
item8968	A reasonably good voter turnout did nothing to dull the effects of a nasty campaign by leaders of most parties, but especially of the Bharatiya Janata Party.
item8969	All of Delhi and Haryana, and parts of Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Jharkhand voted in the sixth phase, a total of fifty nine constituencies.
item8970	Turnout varied from place to place, but the sharp decline in Delhi, to sixty percent, from twenty fourteen's sixty five percent was notable.
item8971	Widespread violence, including the death of a BJP activist, and the State government's highhanded action against a BJP activist for a social media post ahead of the polling vitiated the atmosphere in West Bengal.
item8972	An attack on the BJP candidate in Ghatal constituency was unfortunate and condemnable.
item8973	Meanwhile, the oversight by the Election Commission of India has left a lot to be desired in terms of being demonstrably impartial and swift, through the first six phases.
item8974	In the last phase of polling on May nineteen, the remaining fifty nine constituencies will vote.
item8975	There is no word on when Vellore, where the election was cancelled because of excessive use of money by the candidate of the DMK, will vote.
item8976	There is no let-up in the unusual ferocity among political adversaries that has characterised the campaign in the seventeen th general election, but political leaders have started preparing for the post-poll scenario.
item8977	Telangana Chief Minister K.Chandrashekar Rao, whose Telangana Rashtra Samithi is expected to do well, has reached out to leaders in other States.
item8978	On Monday, he met DMK chief M.K.Stalin in Chennai as part of efforts to put together a Federal Front of parties dissatisfied with both the BJP and the Congress.
item8979	On the other hand, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N.Chandrababu Naidu has been eager to move towards early coordination of regional parties within an anti-BJP formation that would include the Congress.
item8980	These moves are evidently premature, and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has rightly suggested that they must await the final results.
item8981	The fierce response by Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's suggestion that she withdraw support to the Congress government in Rajasthan has been the clearest indication of her preference in the post-poll scenario.
item8982	Meanwhile, Congress president Rahul Gandhi has continued to publicly express his admiration for Ms.Mayawati, keeping the possibility of an understanding with her wide open.
item8983	He had earlier tried to strike a pre-poll alliance with the BSP, but it did not materialise.
item8984	Prime Minister Modi, while continuing to campaign against alliances, in principle calling them unstable, has over the weekend claimed to know the art of running coalitions?.
item8985	The calculators are clearly out, but the calculations will have to wait.
item8986	An enthralling Indian Premier League season produced a gripping last-ball finish in Hyderabad, with Mumbai Indians securing an unprecedented fourth crown.
item8987	Sunday's tense, seesawing final ended in heartbreak for Chennai Super Kings and ecstasy for Rohit Sharma's side.
item8988	This was a clash between the League's two most successful teams, and there was little to separate them in the end.
item8989	All four of Mumbai's titles have arrived in the last seven seasons, and key to that continued success has been the retention of a strong core of players.
item8990	Similar to how I mentioned money above, people do the same thing because of not having the right equipment. 
item8991	They'll say that it's not possible to start a business, or start working out because they don't have access to the right equipment.
item8992	Normally, money would be the root cause of this. 
item8993	But there's also other factors that go into being able to access the equipment you need.
item8994	The solution is exactly the same as before. 
item8995	A lot of the equipment you may think you need, you probably don't. 
item8996	You could easily start with a lot less, and that's why it's still possible to take action on your dreams in the current situation you're in.