item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8433	Standing his ground on this question ” winning and sustaining the trust of all ” will be a test of Mr.Modi's decisiveness.
item8434	The politics of the United Kingdom has entered a chaotic, if not entirely dark, phase.
item8435	Prime Minister Theresa May has announced, in the wake of her inability to deliver an acceptable formula for Brexit, that she would step down on June seven .
item8436	Her colleagues in the Conservative Party remain deeply divided over the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement she negotiated with the European Union and have rejected three times her attempts to get it passed in Parliament.
item8437	That agreement is, in principle, based on the notion of the U.K.
item8438	leaving the EU's single market and customs union, the termination of residency and work rights of EU citizens in the U.K., and a two-year transition period to consolidate new bilateral modalities.
item8439	This compromise didn't fly with the ruling Tory lawmakers because the Brexiteers of the party feel it concedes too much to the EU and yet remains bound by the bloc's rules.
item8440	Simultaneously, pro-EU lawmakers are firmly against a hard Brexit, or no-deal Brexit, and prefer to keep alive the close economic ties to the continent that have been in place since the U.K.
item8441	joined in nineteen seventy three.
item8442	The last straw that made Ms.May's resignation all but inevitable, came from the opinion polls for the European parliamentary election ” matched this week by the results ” predicting a landslide victory, at the Conservative Party's cost, for the freshly minted Brexit Party led by Nigel Farage.
item8443	The selection of Ms.May's successor is a relatively straightforward issue at this point.
item8444	Leading the pack of contenders is former Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who has reiterated his commitment to seeing the U.K.
item8445	quit the EU on October thirty one , the current deadline, regardless of whether a deal is agreed upon or not.
item8446	Others include former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab, who supports leaving the EU on WTO terms?; Environment Secretary Michael Gove; and former Leader of the House of Commons Andrea Leadsom.
item8447	The more complex issue is whether the Conservative Party's next leader can devise a universally acceptable compromise formula that minimises the economic and social pain inflicted on individuals, corporations and the national psyche.
item8448	The available options are difficult and few: an orderly exit with a deal (unlikely given that Ms.May has allowed the opposition to the only deal that Brussels has signed off to crystallise); a no-deal exit (an economically and legally painful outcome but quite possible); an election or second referendum that might reverse the twenty sixteen decision to leave the EU (possible but unclear if this could happen before the October thirty one deadline); or a further extension of the deadline beyond the date (an event that some consider likely).
item8449	No matter how the politics of this troubled nation turns, it is the resolution of Brexit as a struggle between nativist impulses and the existing liberal order that the world is watching.
item8450	Seldom does someone on the losing side have so much to be satisfied about in defeat as Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K.Palaniswami.
item8451	The massive drubbing suffered by the AIADMK-BJP alliance in the State may be a notable outcome of the Lok Sabha election, but the positive takeaway for him is that he remains in office, and with added sheen of stability.
item8452	By garnering nine out of the twenty two Assembly constituencies that had by-elections alongside the Lok Sabha polls, the ruling AIADMK has got enough seats to stave off the prospect of losing its majority in the two thirty four-member House.
item8453	Although it lost thirteen seats to the Opposition DMK, its tally went up to one twenty three , five above the requisite majority.
item8454	Another upshot is that T.T.V.Dhinakaran, the principal challenger to the AIADMK for Jayalalithaa's legacy, ended up losing so badly that he may not be in a position to wean away any more legislators from the party jointly led by Mr.Palaniswami and Deputy Chief Minister O.Panneerselvam.
item8455	With none of Mr.Dhinakaran's candidates coming close to victory in any of the Lok Sabha or Assembly constituencies, the possibility of so-called fence-sitters leaning towards him has disappeared.
item8456	In two years, Mr.Palaniswami has survived challenges to his leadership, first from Mr.Panneerselvam, who later became his ally in a joint attempt to keep out Jayalalithaa's friend V.K.Sasikala, and later Mr.Dhinakaran.
item8457	He survived the first crisis by striking a deal with Mr.Panneerselvam and his supporters.
item8458	I don't know about you, but back when I was in school and the teachers began to talk about our futures, there was a huge emphasis on going to university in order to get a good paying job in the future.
item8459	All the stats were thrown at us; that on average people who have a degree make almost one million dollar more in their lifetime. 
item8460	And that student debt wouldn't be that difficult to pay back.
item8461	The one thing they forget to mention in that first stat “ half the people who don't go to uni simply can't be bothered to put any real effort into their future.
item8462	If you just took into account the ambitious people within the section of non-uni goers, they'd probably make more money on average than graduates.
item8463	Have a sit on that and let me know what you think.
item8464	The point of this being that you shouldn't always listen to others opinions, no matter how much experience they may have. 
item8465	What worked for them may not work for you, and what they failed at may make them jealous of you.