item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item9245	It will take constant focus from New Delhi, and a push from the global community, to ensure that Masood Azhar is not just starved of funds, arms and ammunition as mandated, but that he is prosecuted in Pakistan for the acts of terror he is responsible for.
item9246	Azhar and his JeM must lose all capacity to carry out attacks, particularly across the border.
item9247	Global terror financing watchdog Financial Action Task Force will also be watching Pakistan's next moves closely, ahead of a decision, that could come as early as in June, on whether to blacklist? Pakistan or keep it on the greylist?.
item9248	Both financial and political pressure should be maintained on Islamabad to bring the hard-fought designation of Masood Azhar to its logical conclusion.
item9249	The death of fifteen security personnel in a landmine attack in Gadchiroli on Wednesday is another grim reminder of the Indian state's continued failure to crush naxalism.
item9250	Less than a month ago, a legislator and some security personnel lost their lives in a similar attack in the neighbouring State of Chhattisgarh ahead of polling.
item9251	That this attack should occur despite the deployment of thirty companies of the Central Reserve Police Force ” a company comprises one thirty five personnel ” and thirteen companies of the State Reserve Police Force as well as five thousand five hundred personnel of the local police in Gadchiroli and neighbouring Chandrapur district shows not only the audacity of the perpetrators but also the unpreparedness of the security forces.
item9252	A Quick Response Team was going down the road to Dadpur in Kurkheda where extremists had set fire to three dozen vehicles of a road construction company earlier in the day when the explosion blasted the team to smithereens.
item9253	The ease with which the extremists were able to torch so many vehicles is alarming, and the manner in which the response team blithely drove into an ambush is a shocking example of poor planning.
item9254	The naxals set the bait and the security forces blindly took it.
item9255	In the process, standard operating procedures, including letting a road-opening team lead the way, seem to have been ignored.
item9256	Yet, the authorities still remain in a state of denial.
item9257	It is no coincidence either that the perpetrators chose the Maharashtra Foundation Day, after the polling in the district, to send this violent message.
item9258	That the naxals should be able to control the narrative, remain on top of the intelligence, stay nimble and several steps ahead of the security planners should be a matter of deep concern.
item9259	It is some comfort that the polling percentages in both Gadchiroli and neighbouring Chandrapur have risen, compared to the twenty fourteen Lok Sabha election, from seventy one percent to seventy one percent and from sixty three percent to sixty four percent, respectively.
item9260	But the path of the voter to the polling booth in the naxal-dominated districts is still paved with disincentives.
item9261	And, the security forces deployed in the region have not been able to instil in them a greater level of confidence.
item9262	On top of everything else, most of the police personnel who perished in this latest attack seem to have been local citizens.
item9263	What effect could this have on the larger process of weaning away the populace from the naxalites? Reality beckons.
item9264	Even in the prevailing circumstances of a hostile external environment, India cannot afford to take the challenges of internal security lightly.
item9265	Even though antimicrobial resistance is acknowledged by policymakers as a major health crisis, few have considered its economic impact.
item9266	Now, a report from the Interagency Coordination Group on Antimicrobial Resistance (IACG) puts the financial fall-out in perspective.
item9267	Titled No Time to Wait: Securing The Future From Drug Resistant Infections?, it says in about three decades from now uncontrolled antimicrobial resistance will cause global economic shocks on the scale of the two thousand eight-nine financial crisis.
item9268	With nearly ten million people estimated to die annually from resistant infections by twenty fifty, health-care costs and the cost of food production will spike, while income inequality will widen.
item9269	In the worst-case scenario, the world will lose three percent of its annual GDP by twenty fifty, while twenty four million people will be pushed into extreme poverty by twenty thirty .
item9270	A man found a cocoon of a butterfly.
item9271	One day a small opening appeared. He sat and watched the butterfly for several hours as it struggled to force its body through that little hole.
item9272	Until it suddenly stopped making any progress and looked like it was stuck.
item9273	So the man decided to help the butterfly. He took a pair of scissors and snipped off the remaining bit of the cocoon. The butterfly then emerged easily, although it had a swollen body and small, shriveled wings.
item9274	The man didn't think anything of it and sat there waiting for the wings to enlarge to support the butterfly. But that didn't happen. 
item9275	The butterfly spent the rest of its life unable to fly, crawling around with tiny wings and a swollen body.
item9276	Despite the kind heart of the man, he didn't understand that the restricting cocoon and the struggle needed by the butterfly to get itself through the small opening; were God's way of forcing fluid from the body of the butterfly into its wings. 
item9277	To prepare itself for flying once it was out of the cocoon.
item9278	Moral of the story: Our struggles in life develop our strengths. Without struggles, we never grow and never get stronger, so it's important for us to tackle challenges on our own, and not be relying on help from others.