item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8829	Green parties, for example, are expected to make their best showing yet across the continent, as public support for an agenda that encompasses progressive climate change policies and social justice has grown.
item8830	European parliamentary elections should certainly trigger alarm bells for the mainstream parties, but should also motivate them to look imaginatively for fresh answers, rather than attempting to rehash decades-old illiberal ones.
item8831	Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif was in New Delhi this week as part of a regional outreach that includes Russia, China, Turkmenistan and Iraq amid rising tensions in West Asia.
item8832	The U.S.has followed withdrawal of its sanctions-waiver for Iranian oil with a series of actions that it claims are in response to the perceived threat from Iran.
item8833	It has recalled all non-emergency diplomatic staff based in neighbouring Iraq; sent an aircraft carrier, the USS Abraham Lincoln, missile defence hardware and B-fifty two bombers to the Gulf; imposed fresh sanctions on various Iranian entities; and slapped a terror designation for the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
item8834	Iran has matched some of the rhetoric with threats that it would close off the Strait of Hormuz to trade and treat the U.S.carrier as a legitimate target? if it came anywhere close to Iranian waters.
item8835	Making matters worse, it is clear that the U.S.aims to pin on the Iranian government and military forces blame for attacks on two Saudi Arabian oil tankers over the weekend.
item8836	U.S.National Security Adviser John Bolton's remark that any attack on United States interests or those of [its] allies will be met with unrelenting force? gives the impression that the ground is being prepared by the U.S., aided by Saudi Arabia and Israel, for an escalation.
item8837	Given the signs of a gathering storm, India must consider not only its own interests in terms of its ties with Iran and with the U.S.and its allies, but also its position as a regional power.
item8838	The External Affairs Ministry comment that the government would take a decision on Iranian oil imports after the elections appeared to be an attempt to buy time.
item8839	The truth is that Indian oil importers have already stopped placing orders for Iranian oil in compliance with the U.S.diktat on zeroing out? imports.
item8840	India had been importing about ten percent of its oil requirements from Iran, and the losses in terms of finding alternative suppliers in the face of rising oil prices are piling up.
item8841	News reports also indicate that despite a U.S.waiver on the Chabahar port, banks in India and Afghanistan that planned to finance trade through the port are now being restricted by U.S.sanctions.
item8842	Instead of being a mute spectator to the crisis that is building for India's energy bill as well as for regional stability, New Delhi must take the challenge head-on.
item8843	One immediate priority is to work more closely with European countries in ensuring that Iran does not feel compelled to walk out of the nuclear deal, and to jointly build a sanctions-immune financial infrastructure to facilitate Iranian trade.
item8844	It is necessary that the countries affected in the region meet urgently, as well as unitedly express concerns over a possible U.S.-Iran clash.
item8845	From pleading helplessness before the Supreme Court in enforcing the Model Code of Conduct a month ago, the Election Commission has come a long way in asserting its powers.
item8846	On Wednesday it took the rare step of ordering that campaigning in West Bengal's nine Lok Sabha constituencies that go to the polls on Sunday end earlier than scheduled.
item8847	West Bengal had witnessed sporadic incidents of violence through the previous phases of polling, but on Tuesday tensions ran high after clashes during a roadshow of BJP president Amit Shah in Kolkata.
item8848	The destruction of a bust of Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, the nineteenth century reformer and cultural icon of Bengal, by suspected BJP activists has put the party on the defensive in a State where it is making an all-out effort to expand its footprint.
item8849	The EC may have had sufficient reasons to conclude that a ˜fear psychosis' has gripped the State, and therefore campaigning must end prematurely.
item8850	In TMC-ruled West Bengal, the entire government machinery, the district administration and the police, could quite possibly be at the service of the ruling party.
item8851	However, the advanced deadline of ten p.m.
item8852	on Thursday to end campaigning was devoid of any logic or reason, other than being evidently partisan towards the BJP.
item8853	The ten p.m.
item8854	Nobody seems to have time for anything these days.
item8855	Is this true? Or are they just not making time for anything?
item8856	I often hear people give themselves this excuse, and then a little later on I see them watching T.V the whole night. It's their rest time?, supposedly.
item8857	Whenever people think they don't have time for something, they're always incorporating their old productivity killing habits into the equation.
item8858	I didn't have time to go to the gym today; I was rushing about all over the place and by the time I got home I was absolutely exhausted.?
item8859	Are you serious?
item8860	You'll never just find time for anything in life. You have to make the time for these things. 
item8861	And to do that, you'll have to cut back on the lazy habits that most people get comfortable with. 