item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item9032	In theory, excess enriched uranium and heavy water allow Iran to expand its nuclear programme, but it hasn't announced any such plan.
item9033	The big threat is that it will resume higher levels of enrichment to build weapons unless its grievances are addressed in sixty days.
item9034	Iran's response may appear to be calibrated.
item9035	It hasn't quit the deal as the U.S.did.
item9036	And its concerns are genuine as it is being punished even as it is compliant with the terms of the agreement.
item9037	But Iran's move to put the remaining signatories on notice could be the start of the formal unravelling of the deal.
item9038	European countries have been working on a mechanism, which is still in the initial stages, that allows Europe to trade with Iran through a barter system avoiding the dollar and circumventing sanctions.
item9039	But it hasn't covered oil trade, the mainstay of Iran's economy.
item9040	If Europe doesn't do enough in sixty days and Iran sticks to its threat, the deal will collapse, giving more reason to the U.S.to escalate hostilities.
item9041	It has, among other things, deployed an aircraft carrier and a bomber squad to the Gulf.
item9042	A practical alternative would be for Iran to end this brinkmanship and deepen cooperation with other signatories instead of breaking the deal.
item9043	Europe, on its part, should stand firmly up to the U.S.'s unilateral threats and pressure, and come up with ways to help Iran.
item9044	A collapse of the deal would not only exacerbate the Iran nuclear crisis but also set a bad precedent in international diplomacy.
item9045	The U.S.-China trade war has flared up again after a deceptive lull over the last few months, when both sides were trying to negotiate a deal.
item9046	Out of nowhere, President Donald Trump tweeted that he would raise the ten percent tariff imposed on dollar two thousand two-billion worth of Chinese goods to twenty five percent, starting Friday.
item9047	That the Trump administration pressed ahead with the increase even as China's Vice Premier Liu He was still in Washington for a second day of talks with U.S.trade officials only underscores the businessman-turned-President's take no prisoners' approach to negotiations.
item9048	China promptly promised retaliatory action, but was yet to spell out the measures.
item9049	With Mr.Trump tweeting that the process has begun to place additional tariffs at twenty five percent on the remaining? Chinese goods worth dollar three thirty five billion, the U.S.administration unambiguously signalled it was not going to be the first to blink.
item9050	The latest revival in tensions between the world's two largest economies elevates the risk of a global trade war to its highest level since the first signs emerged in twenty eighteen.
item9051	The increase in tariffs imposed on goods crossing international borders essentially represents a new tax on a global economy already facing a slowdown.
item9052	Last month, the International Monetary Fund trimmed its projection for global growth in twenty nineteen to four percent, from a three percent forecast made in January, citing slowing momentum in seventy one percent of the world economy?.
item9053	IMF Chief Economist Gita Gopinath had at the time projected a pick-up in global growth momentum in the second half, predicated substantially on the improved? outlook for U.S.-China trade tensions.
item9054	IMF chief Christine Lagarde and Ms.Gopinath, however, presciently warned that the world economy was poised at a delicate moment?.
item9055	Were tensions in trade policy to flare up again, it could result in large disruptions to global supply chains and pose downside risks to global growth, the IMF warned.
item9056	Barely a month later, the world economy faces the very real risk of an escalation in this trade war where other countries, including India, can largely only wait and watch as the U.S.and China raise the pitch.
item9057	Never Back Down is one of the best inspirational movies that I will just continuously watch anytime I find myself bored, or looking for motivation. It never gets tiring.
item9058	The film is all about a teenager, Jake Tyler, who feels responsible for his father's death from drink driving. 
item9059	His brother Charlie gets a tennis scholarship in Orlando, which they then move to.
item9060	Struggling to deal with his anger and emotions, Tyler gets baited into an MMA fight with one of the guys from his new school, where he ends up getting his ass kicked.
item9061	From then on, the film is packed with motivation as Tyler joins a gym, learning from one of the best mixed martial arts fighters in order to deal with his emotions and better himself both mentally and physically.
item9062	Like many of the films on this list, Ali was modeled after a true story, that of Muhammad Ali's. 
item9063	Will Smith plays Ali in the biography of his life, both in and out of the ring, and shows how he became a true champion.
item9064	I am the greatest. I said that even before I knew I was. I figured that if I said it enough, I would convince the world that I really was the greatest.? ' Muhammad Ali