item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8862	deadline clearly accommodated Prime Minister Narendra Modi's last rallies in the State slated for Thursday evening.
item8863	If in the EC's assessment campaigning could have led to violence, why did it not order its curtailment on Wednesday or early in the day on Thursday? Since the announcement of the Lok Sabha poll schedule, the EC's credibility has come under a cloud.
item8864	The manifestly partisan decision on the campaigning deadline in West Bengal has further eroded trust in the institution.
item8865	Trinamool Congress leader and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, who has been putting up a ferocious fight against Hindutva politics in the State, has expectedly found support from Opposition parties across the country.
item8866	Most parties have been justifiably critical of the EC's conduct through this election, and it was not surprising that the latest provocation has revived their complaints.
item8867	The Congress pointed out that the EC had dismissed eleven complaints it had filed regarding Mr.Modi's alleged violations of the MCC.
item8868	The Samajwadi Party's Akhilesh Yadav said the decision went against all norms of democratic fair play?, while DMK president M.K.Stalin said there was a BJP pattern? in the destruction of the Vidyasagar statue, connecting it to the vandalisation of Periyar statues in Tamil Nadu last year.
item8869	BSP chief Mayawati said Mr.Modi and his stooges? were targeting Ms.Banerjee in a dangerous and unjust trend?.
item8870	The BJP's assessment of West Bengal's importance for its chances of returning to power is understandable, but its strategy is threatening the peace in the State.
item8871	The EC's action has only made matters worse, allowing Ms.Banerjee to play the angry victim in what is turning out to be the powder keg of India.
item8872	The case of a BJP Yuva Morcha functionary being arrested in West Bengal for sharing a morphed image of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee demonstrates how wrong and needlessly oppressive legal processes can turn out to be.
item8873	The police in Howrah registered a case and arrested Priyanka Sharma under irrelevant and non-existent provisions, a magistrate showed little application of mind while remanding her to judicial custody, and even the Supreme Court, while ordering her immediate release, did not recognise sufficiently the perverse manner in which the law was being used.
item8874	It is a matter of some consolation that the apex court observed a day later that the arrest was arbitrary and pulled up the West Bengal government for delaying Ms.Sharma's release for technical reasons.
item8875	The police, apparently realising that there was no offence in the first place, has filed a closure report terming the complaint a 'mistake of fact'.
item8876	It is a reflection of the level of acrimony between the ruling Trinamool Congress and the BJP in the midst of a violence-marred, multi-phase election that the police entertained a complaint from a Trinamool Congress activist and booked Ms.Sharma for criminal defamation and offences under the provisions of the Information Technology Act.
item8877	It is possible that some considered the morphed image ” in which Ms.Banerjee's face was appended to an actor's photograph at a museum event in New York ” defamatory.
item8878	But it is unclear how the police could arrest someone for defamation based on a third party's complaint.
item8879	A cyber-crime police station handled the case, apparently because it involved Section sixty six-A of the IT Act, a provision declared unconstitutional in twenty fifteen, and Section sixty seven-A, which can be used only when sexually explicit material is transmitted in electronic form.
item8880	Thus, what was at best a case of defamation, a non-cognisable and bailable offence, was projected as a cyber-crime with the sole aim of getting the accused remanded.
item8881	While magistrates are often known to act mechanically ” although that is no excuse for remanding the accused in this case ” it is disconcerting that a Bench of the Supreme Court ventured to advise her to apologise for sharing the image on Facebook.
item8882	The court included a gratuitous sentence in its order that the detenu shall, however, at the time of release, tender an apology in writing?.
item8883	The inclusion of an apology requirement gives the impression that the court was more concerned about cooling frayed tempers than about the blatant misuse of the law.
item8884	Another disconcerting aspect is that the police continue to invoke Section sixty six-A.
item8885	In January, the apex court sought the Centre's response on a petition that claimed that police officials were unaware that the section is no more on the statute book.
item8886	As the main issue of freedom of expression thrown up by this case is going to be heard in detail later, it is hoped the aberrant developments so far will give way to a reasoned verdict.
item8887	I get distracted so much, it's unreal. 
item8888	I try to reduce distractions by blocking the world out with headphones, and sitting in a good working environment, but they still manage to prevail on occasion.
item8889	What distracts you most?
item8890	How can you stop this from happening whilst you're actually trying to do something productive with your time?
item8891	Distractions really do take away chunks of your time, probably far more than you really realize. Watch the video below on the time you have and then see how you feel about time. 
item8892	This video dissects all the time we have as human beings and removes all the time we use up grooming ourselves, sleeping, working “ look at what you're left with.
item8893	Do your best to make sure distractions don't get the better of you. 
item8894	These little distractions are how others have struggled in the past to take action on their dreams.