item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8795	He was like that watchman set unto the house of Israel referred to in Ezekeil:
item8796	So thou, O son of man, I have set thee a watchman unto the house of Israel; therefore thou shalt hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me.
item8797	When I say unto the wicked, O wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if thou dost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man shall die in his inquity, but his blood will I require at thine hand.
item8798	Nevertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity, but thou hast delivered thy soul.
item8799	Gandhiji has done his duty; he has warned us of the perils and the temptations that confront us, and he has delivered his soul unto his Maker.
item8800	It now remains for us to do our duty as we have been reminded in the broadcasts of the Prime Minister and Sardar Patel.
item8801	Let us first get the atmosphere rid of the poison which permeates it; let us face, as the Prime Minister exhorts us to do, all the perils that encompass us 'and they are many and grave ' "not madly or badly, but in the way that our beloved teacher taught us to face them".
item8802	Let not anger becloud our vision nor unreasoning passion distort our minds.
item8803	Not for us now petty prejudices and party intrigues and jealousies.
item8804	If we are true to Gandhiji's teaching, nothing must deflect us from considering all classes, castes and communities as children of the same mother, entitled to equal rights and' what is not less important' charged with equal responsibilities, all acting in harmony, earnestness and unison in the interest of the nation as a whole.
item8805	Only thus may we uphold the reputation which Gandhiji claimed for our country and incessantly strove to sustain'the reputation such as the India of Asoka and Akbar enjoyed among the peoples of the world in their time.
item8806	On May twenty three, as the results of the Indian elections emerge, in Europe the world's second largest democratic electoral process will get under way.
item8807	More than four twenty five million voters are eligible to participate in elections that will take place over a four-day period to select seven fifty one members of the European Parliament for a five-year term.
item8808	There would have been Seven hundred and five , but for the delays to Brexit, which means Britain will participate too.
item8809	Thousands of candidates from hundreds of parties as well as independents will seek votes, and the winners will form cross-national groupings in the House based on their political ideology.
item8810	With turnout usually low (fourty three percent in twenty fourteen), predictions can be tricky, but expectations are that far-right and Eurosceptic parties will make gains.
item8811	Last month, Italy's Deputy Prime Minister and figurehead for the far right in Europe, Matteo Salvini, launched the campaign for the European Alliance of People and Nations, alongside allies from Germany to Denmark, on a platform invoking tougher immigration rules and in some cases Euroscepticism, uniting parties that had once been split between groupings.
item8812	In Britain, the appeal of anti-European sentiment has manifested itself in the success of the Brexit Party, formed in January by former UK Independence Party head Nigel Farage ' it is projected to win a thirty four percent share of the vote.
item8813	In Germany, the right-wing Alternative für Deutschland is expected to make gains, while in France the right-wing National Rally (former National Front) could to do better than President Emmanuel Macron's En Marche.
item8814	There is a risk that centre-right and centre-left coalitions will fail to command a joint majority.
item8815	The temptation will be for centrist parties to see these elections as yet another sign that populism is on the rise, and a cause they must in one way or another pander to.
item8816	In Britain, this has certainly been the case with the rightward lunge of the Conservative Party, while in Germany the centre-left SPD has toughened its stance on asylum-seekers.
item8817	Yet, this would be the wrong message to take.
item8818	What is under way is vastly more complex.
item8819	It is certain that people are seeking alternatives amid stagnating wages and living standards, with many shunning mainstream parties in their quest ' but to infer that all see populism as the route ahead would be naive.
item8820	Nobody seems to have time for anything these days.
item8821	Is this true? Or are they just not making time for anything?
item8822	I often hear people give themselves this excuse, and then a little later on I see them watching T.V the whole night. It's their rest time?, supposedly.
item8823	Whenever people think they don't have time for something, they're always incorporating their old productivity killing habits into the equation.
item8824	I didn't have time to go to the gym today; I was rushing about all over the place and by the time I got home I was absolutely exhausted.?
item8825	Are you serious?
item8826	You'll never just find time for anything in life. 
item8827	You have to make the time for these things. And to do that, you'll have to cut back on the lazy habits that most people get comfortable with. 
item8828	Watching T.V, spending hours on the phone, browsing Facebook. You get the picture.