item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8186	Mr.Hunt, on the other hand, is seen as a heavyweight whose vast experience in promoting business ventures could refresh the party's market-friendly image.
item8187	As Health Secretary he had secured additional funding for the NHS.
item8188	Mr.Hunt has warned of the dangers of leaving the EU without an agreement, including another general election that could damage the Conservatives' prospects.
item8189	The contest is above all else really about picking a leader who can steer the party through Britain's next general election and ensure its future relevance.
item8190	That means somebody who can stop Jeremy Corbyn, the Labour leader, from entering ten Downing Street.
item8191	After a dismal showing in the May polls to the EU Parliament, the Conservatives also fear support among the rank and file haemorrhaging to Nigel Farage's Brexit Party.
item8192	Delivering on the twenty sixteen referendum result, in whatever form and at any price, is seen in Conservative strongholds as the ultimate route to resurrection.
item8193	Meanwhile, there are not many who seriously believe that Britain can realistically renegotiate before the end of October the withdrawal agreement Ms.May signed with the EU last year.Brussels has repeatedly stressed its unwillingness to reopen the deal, still less the contentious Irish backstop.
item8194	The Prime Minister's election in July would be followed by Parliament's summer recess, allowing MPs little time for legislative business.
item8195	Short of a spectacular turnaround, the outcome of the Conservative contest looks fairly predictable.
item8196	Conversely, the course of Brexit is anything but certain, irrespective of whether Mr.Johnson or Mr.Hunt wins the battle of the ballot.
item8197	U.S.President Donald Trump's decision to pull back from air strikes on Iran, after the latter shot down an American drone near the Strait of Hormuz, was a rare moment of restraint amid otherwise escalating tensions between the two countries.
item8198	The rationale behind the pull-back, according to Mr.Trump, was that he did not want to cause any loss of Iranian lives as no American lives were hurt by the Iranians.
item8199	Clearly, Mr.Trump, who had campaigned against the costly wars of the U.S.overseas, does not seem to be in favour of launching an open conflict with Iran.
item8200	A war with Iran could be prolonged and disastrous.
item8201	Iran has ballistic missiles, proxy militias and a relatively vibrant navy.
item8202	And the Strait of Hormuz, through which one-third of the world's seaborne oil shipments move, is within its range.
item8203	Mr.Trump does not want to take a risk unless there are provocations from Iran targeting American lives.
item8204	While this approach is better than that of Mr.Trump's National Security Adviser, John Bolton, who has threatened Iran with war several times, what the U.S.President overlooks is that the current state of tensions is a product of his maximum pressure? tactic.
item8205	A year ago Mr.Trump pulled the U.S.out of a nuclear deal with which Iran was fully compliant, setting off the escalation.
item8206	His plan was to squeeze the Iranian economy and force Tehran back to the table to renegotiate the nuclear issue as well as Iran's missile programme and regional activism, for a better deal?.
item8207	A year later, the U.S.and Iran are on the brink of a war.
item8208	The problem with Mr.Trump's maximum pressure? approach is that he doesn't seem to have a plan between the sanctions-driven pressure tactics and a potential military conflict.
item8209	Iran, on the other hand, is ready to take limited risks, as its actions such as the threat to breach the uranium enrichment limits set by the nuclear deal and the downing of the American drone suggest, to break the stranglehold of the sanctions.
item8210	As a result, Mr.Trump has a situation where maximum pressure is not producing the desired result, and both countries are edging towards a war he doesn't want.
item8211	A story tells that two friends were walking through the desert. During some point of the journey they had an argument, and one friend slapped the other one in the face.
item8212	The one who got slapped was hurt, but without saying anything, wrote in the sand;
item8213	Today my best friend slapped me in the face.?
item8214	They kept on walking until they found an oasis, where they decided to take a bath. 
item8215	The one who had been slapped got stuck in the mire and started drowning, but the friend saved him. 
item8216	After he recovered from the near drowning, he wrote on a stone;
item8217	Today my best friend saved my life.?
item8218	The friend who had slapped and saved his best friend asked him;
item8219	After I hurt you, you wrote in the sand and now, you write on a stone, why??
item8220	The other friend replied;
item8221	When someone hurts us we should write it down in sand where winds of forgiveness can erase it away. But, when someone does something good for us, we must engrave it in stone where no wind can ever erase it.?
item8222	Moral of the story: Don't value the things you have in your life. But value who you have in your life.