item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item8466	To combat the crisis caused by the Dhinakaran faction’s revolt, the party got eighteen MLAs loyal to him disqualified from the House.
item8467	The ensuing litigation kept his regime going.
item8468	The disqualification tactic did not turn out too well in the end.
item8469	Ten of the DMK’s thirteen-seat haul came from vacancies created by disqualification on defection charges.
item8470	But the AIADMK managed just enough to survive in government.
item8471	The next question was whether Mr.Palaniswami would survive an electoral test, given that this was the first election held after the demise of Jayalalithaa and DMK supremo M.Karunanidhi.
item8472	With his government seen as a proxy of the BJP regime at the Centre and the mood in the State being one of antipathy towards Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the AIADMK had to contend with double anti-incumbency.
item8473	Losing around twenty of the twenty two Assembly seats could have propelled arch-rival and DMK president M.K.Stalin to power.
item8474	But while the DMK alliance had to share the honours in the Assembly by-elections, in the Lok Sabha constituencies it won a landslide.
item8475	Mr.Palaniswami’s electoral strategy was largely geared towards retaining as many Assembly seats as possible.
item8476	He succeeded in the limited objective of protecting his regime.
item8477	Mr.Stalin, the undoubted overall winner on the electoral field, will have to wait for another day to try to dislodge the artful survivor at the helm in Tamil Nadu.
item8478	Despite a stellar show at the hustings, the DMK remains out of power at the Centre and in the State.
item8479	Mount Everest, the world’s highest peak at nine thousand metres, draws adventurers from all over.
item8480	But the mountain on the Nepal-China border is fast becoming a dangerous place to visit even for the hardened mountaineer.
item8481	The inherent risks were this month highlighted with a photograph by Nirmal Purja, a Gorkha ex-soldier.
item8482	The image, which went viral and altered the manner in which people worldwide imagine what it is to scale Mt.
item8483	Everest, showed a long queue awaiting a final tilt at the summit, with all the dangers such a wait holds.
item8484	This season, at least ten climbers have died or gone missing, including four Indians.
item8485	Experts have been calling for Nepal to restrict the number of permits.
item8486	It awarded a record three eighty one for this spring, each fetching dollar eleven thousand (climbing from the Tibet side is more expensive).
item8487	On Wednesday, two thousand two climbers ascended the summit, a new record for a single day.
item8488	Last year, eight hundred and seven managed to reach the summit.
item8489	In twenty twelve, the United Nations estimated that there were more than twenty six thousand visitors to the Everest region, and this figure has grown manifold since then.
item8490	Nepal officials argue that permits are not issued recklessly, and that jams such as this year’s near the summit are on account of spells of bad weather, which result in mountaineers being compelled to summit within a narrow time-frame.
item8491	Your friends are the people you spend the most time with, and probably have done for several years now. 
item8492	You’re attached to them… it’s unavoidable, and it’s good to have loyal friends in your life.
item8493	Yet one of the dumbest reasons people don’t start to take action on their dreams is because none of their friends have the same sort of aspirations in life.
item8494	So instead, they get sucked into what their friends are doing and forget all about the possibilities that could have been waiting for them if they’d given it a chance.
item8495	Sure, it’s good to have people in your life that have similar goals, dreams and aspirations to you, but everybody’s different, and if your friends don’t share these with you then don’t worry about it.
item8496	Just do your own thing and your friends will still support you.