item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10626	In August, Jal Shakti Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat was instrumental in passing the Dam Safety Bill, twenty nineteen, in the Lok Sabha.
item10627	The new bill, which is due in the Rajya Sabha, proposes an emergency action plan for one eighty dams in the country and states the guidelines for their surveillance, inspection, operation and maintenance.
item10628	It is a step forward for five seven four five reservoirs in the country of which two ninety three are more than hundred years old.
item10629	The age of twenty five per cent of dams is between fifty to hundred years and eighty per cent are over twenty five years old.
item10630	"Our age-old multipurpose dams have a tendency to operate more as hydropower projects and less as irrigation projects because that's what earns them revenue," said Manju Menon, senior fellow at the Centre for Policy Research.
item10631	According to her, the mismanagement of "multi-purpose dams" – away from its original purpose – contribute a lot to flooding during heavy rains.
item10632	"When there is a sudden intense rain happening over a short period of time because of climate change, these dams are unable to manage the large water stock in the reservoir.
item10633	They store water because it is money but release it when it overtops," she said.
item10634	The flooding in Kota, Rajasthan, has the exact trajectory.
item10635	The city of Kota faced an unprecedented situation when a record six point nine three lakh cusecs of water was discharged from the Kota barrage – one hundred and four km downstream of the dam after heavy downpour.
item10636	Kota District Collector Muktanand Agarwal told reporters that more water is likely to be discharged as the Gandhi Sagar dam is still overflowing way above its one thousand three hundred and eight feet capacity.
item10637	Large areas in several districts of Rajasthan flooded after incessant rains and the release from Kota barrage forced thousands to evacuate.
item10638	Rescue operations were carried out by the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) over the weekend in parts of Kota and Chittorgarh district.
item10639	Mandsaur district, where the Gandhi Sagar dam is located, faced a worse situation due to the heavy rains.
item10640	Close to fourty six thousand people from Mandsaur and Neemuch districts were evacuated and moved to safer places on Sunday.
item10641	Besides the disastrous effect on human lives, the flooding will also impact the flora and fauna, Prasoon Singh, Associate Fellow at TERI, who works on flood modelling, told News eighteen.
item10642	"The sedimentation occurring due to floods will destroy crop lands.
item10643	Core sand particles from the river get deposited on farm lands making them infertile.
item10644	Flooding also causes river bank erosion," he said.
item10645	The TERI researcher said "reservoir operations" need correction to avoid further loss of livelihood and biodiversity in the middle of climate change.
item10646	Then the third crane spoke, "I know still more...even if the bridal shirt be consumed, still the young king cannot retain his bride. 
item10647	For, after the wedding, a dance will be held and while the young queen dances, she will suddenly turn pale and fall down as if dead and if someone does not raise her up and take three drops of blood from her right arm and throw them away, she will die. 
item10648	But the whole body of the one who knows it and tells it will be turned into stone from the toe to the crown."
item10649	After the cranes had thus talked with one another, they flew away and faithful Jose who had perfectly understood all they had said was from that time very quiet and sad for, if he concealed from his master what he had heard misfortune would happen to him and if he told him all, he must give up his own life. 
item10650	But at last he thought, "I will save my master, even if I destroy myself."
item10651	As soon as they came on shore, it happened just as the crane had foretold and an immense fox-colored horse sprang up. 
item10652	"Capital!" said the king...''this shall carry me to my castle" and he tried to mount...but the faithful Jose came straight up and swinging himself quickly on, drew the firearms out of the holster and shot the horse dead. 
item10653	Then the other servants of the king who were not on good terms with the faithful Jose exclaimed, "How shameful to kill the beautiful creature which might have borne the king to the castle!"
item10654	But the king replied, "Be silent and let him go. He is my very faithful Jose. Who knows the good he may have done?"
item10655	Now they went into the castle and there stood a dish in the hall and the splendid bridal shin lay upon it and seemed nothing other than gold and silver. 
item10656	The young king went up to it and wished to take it up. But faithful Jose pushed him away and taking it up with his gloves on, bore it quickly to the fire and let it burn.