item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10808	However, many on social media felt the survey was presumptive as the sample size of just fifteen sixty five people was not an adequately large or diverse group to survey in a country with the population count in crores.
item10809	UK-based transplant surgeon, (Dr.) Majid Mukadam was felicitated here on Saturday.
item10810	Dr.
item10811	Mukadam campaigns for organ donations in temples, mosques, churches and gurudwaras in that country, which can help save precious human lives.
item10812	Speaking at the felicitation function, Mukadam said that Asian patients were disadvantaged as they had to wait prolonged period, or even die, due to unavailability of matched or suitable donor organs.
item10813	"One of the main reasons for this disparity is the reluctance, occasionally refusal, of the Asian communities to donate their organs, as the matching also depends on genetic make-up," Mukadam said.
item10814	There are numerous misconceptions and barriers to organ donation among the Asians, particularly Muslims, chief amongst them being ignorance and religious beliefs, said Mukadam, who works with the Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham (QEHB).
item10815	"I am addressing this issue by visiting all religious places of worship of all religions, connect with their spiritual leaders, scholars and community elders, besides attending social events, to create awareness on organ donation," Mukadam said.
item10816	Through his efforts, thousands of Asians, including Muslims have signed up for organ donations which can help save precious lives.
item10817	He said that issue is "very serious and challenging one" especially with growing incidence of heart and lung ailments in India and the lack of donor organs, sufficient transplant facilities and regulatory issues.
item10818	With over six hundred fifty heart-lung transplants to his credit, Mukadam - who was awarded the Order of Member of the British Empire (MBE) by Prince Charles at the Buckingham Palace - was felicitated by the Indian Society for Heart Failure & Transplantation at the hands of veteran actress Simi Garewal.
item10819	Hailing from a small picturesque beach village of Kolthare in Ratnagiri (Maharashtra), Mukadam was educated in his native place, later at the Rosary High School, Mumbai, Jai Hind College and got his MBBS degree from the Seth GS Medical College & KEM Hospital.
item10820	He worked with the LT Medical College and obtained his Masters degree in surgery, travelled to the United Kingdom in nineteen ninety six for furthering his medical career, and has been serving with the QEHB since seventeen years.
item10821	The second and final Test between India and Bangladesh will take place in Eden Gardens, Kolkata and will be the first-ever Day-Night Test that either side will play in.
item10822	The first Day-Night Test was played in twenty fifteen and since then there have been ten more matches played with the pink ball.
item10823	Bangladesh have their task cut out for them in the match; not only are they unfamiliar with ways to deal with the pink ball, they come into this match having been beaten comprehensively in the first Test at Indore.
item10824	With India set to host their first-ever Day-Night Test in four days' time, we take a look back at the previous Test matches to have been played under floodlights.
item10825	The first ever Test match to be played under floodlights took place in Adelaide and saw the bowlers reap plenty of rewards with the pink ball.
item10826	Batting first, New Zealand were bundled out for two hundred and two; Australia didn't do much better in reply, losing ten wickets after posting two twenty four.
item10827	The visitors scored two hundred and eight in the second innings to set Australia one eighty sevento win, a target they chased down but not before they lost seven wickets.
item10828	It was a dry summer. The animals in the forest were beginning to find it difficult to get food.
item10829	A bear, a wolf and a jackal thought it would be better to join hands with a lion and do the hunting. They approached lion and he too agreed. The four of them went off hunting.
item10830	The hunting party came across a buffalo. The fox and wolf chased the buffalo. The bear intercepted the buffalo. The lion killed him.
item10831	The fox made shares out of the buffalo. When they were about to take their shares the lion roared and said, "Well friends, the first share is mine for my leadership. The second share is mine for, it is I who killed. 
item10832	The third share is also mine for I need it for my cubs. Anyone who needs a share can take the fourth. But before that you will have to win me."
item10833	All the three left the place without a single word.
item10834	MORAL : If you are might, you are right.
item10835	There was a little boy who just celebrated his birthday. His parents bought him a puppy as a birthday present. The puppy had very long ears.
item10836	One evening, he was playing with his puppy. The puppy was happily jumping about and wagging his tail. Then the little boy tried to tie the puppy's ears into a knot. The puppy stopped wagging his tail.
item10837	The little boy then tried to tie the puppy's ears into a bow. The boy chuckled but the puppy became quiet.
item10838	"Can you throw your ears over your shoulders like a regimental soldier?" asked the boy. The puppy put his head on the ground and whimpered. The little boy laughed and hugged the puppy. The puppy wagged his tail happily.
item10839	Moral of The Story : Avoid doing anything to someone that could not be changed. 