item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10534	"Around one thirty non-locals from West Bengal have already left the Valley.
item10535	It will adversely affect all other non-local labourers who are presently in Kashmir," said financial researcher Bilal Ahmad Pandow.
item10536	Meanwhile, Chief Engineer Roads and Building Department, Kashmir Division, Sami Arif Yesvi told News eighteen that work on all major developmental projects in Kashmir has come to a stop due to onset of winters.
item10537	"We try to finish all the major works before the month of October.
item10538	Our department's major focus will be on snow clearance which is done by the local labourers here."
item10539	The locals would perhaps help the department during winters but the question is how many (non-locals) would return in the next season.
item10540	It will indeed be hard for these workers to convince their families that Kashmir is safe for them.
item10541	After a busy first Budget session of the seventeenth Lok Sabha between June and August, which saw a number of bills being passed by both the Houses - several of them having far-reaching consequences - Parliament kicked off the winter session on Monday.
item10542	With two eighty one hours of total sitting and overall twenty eight bills passed by both the Houses, including the one which stripped Jammu and Kashmir of its special status and divided it into two union territories, the Budget session between June seventeen and August six was the most productive Parliament session in six decades.
item10543	Lok Sabha on its own passed thirty six bills during the session.
item10544	As the Opposition aims to question the government on economic slowdown and unemployment, apart from other issues, the Narendra Modi-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government will look to introduce and push through several key bills in the second session of Parliament since it returned to power with a thumping majority in May.
item10545	Here are the key bills likely to be introduced in Parliament this winter session.
item10546	Citizenship (Amendment) Bill
item10547	The bill, which led to widespread demonstrations and protests across the Northeast, is aimed at amending the Citizenship Act, nineteen fifty five, to make non-Muslim migrants from Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan eligible for Indian citizenship.
item10548	Essentially, it seeks to provide that the minority groups in those countries such as Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians will not be treated as illegal immigrants in India.
item10549	Under the Citizenship Act, it is required for the applicant to have resided in India during the previous twelve months, and for eleven of the previous fourteen years to be eligible for citizenship by naturalisation.
item10550	The bill seeks to relax the requirement from eleven years to six for non-Muslims.
item10551	Personal Data Protection Bill
item10552	The bill provides for regulation of individual data by government and private entities in India and abroad.
item10553	It allows for processing of personal data of individuals on the condition of consent from the individual herself, in a medical emergency, or by the state for the sake of providing benefits to citizens.
item10554	The trusted servants deliberated for a long while how to set about this task for it was very difficult to get into the presence of the king's daughter. 
item10555	At last he found out a way and said to the king, "Everything which she has around her is of gold - chairs, tables, dishes, bowls and all the household utensils. 
item10556	Among your treasures are five tons of gold... lot one of the goldsmiths of your kingdom manufacture vessels and utensils of all kinds there from - all kinds of birds and wild and wonderful beasts such as will please her. Then we will travel with these and try our luck."
item10557	The king summoned all his goldsmiths who worked day and night until many very beautiful things were ready. 
item10558	When all had been placed on board a ship, the faithful Jose put on merchant's clothes and the king likewise so that they might travel quite unknown. 
item10559	Then they sailed over the wide sea and sailed away until they came to the city where lived the daughter of the King of the Golden Palace.
item10560	Faithful Jose told the king to remain in the ship and wait for him. "Perhaps", said he, "I shall bring the king's daughter with me...therefore take care that all is in order and set out the golden vessels and adorn the whole ship."
item10561	Thereupon, Jose placed in a napkin some of the golden cups, stepped upon the land and went straight to the king's palace...
item10562	When he came into the castle-yard, a beautiful maid stood by the brook who had a golden pail in her hand drawing water and when she had filled it and had turned round, she saw a strange man and asked who he was.
item10563	Then Jose answered, "I am a merchant", and opening his napkin, he showed her its contents. Then she exclaimed, "Oh! what beautiful golden things!" and she looked at the golden cups one after another and said, 
item10564	"The king's daughter must see these. She is so pleased with anything made of gold that she will buy all these." And taking him by the hand, she led him in for she was the lady's maid.