item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10778	Asked on what prompted the VHP to issue a statement, its spokesperson Vinod Bansal said, the VHP is apprehensive of illegal collection of funds in name of VHP for Ram Mandir.
item10779	This move is a precautionary measure, he said, to alert the masses against donation of any kind for Ram Mandir in name of VHP.
item10780	On November nine , in a historic verdict, the Supreme Court which was seized off the matter, gave the exclusive right of the disputed land in Ayodhya to the Hindu side or Ram Lalla.
item10781	It also directed the Centre to set up a trust within three months for the purpose of the construction of the Ram Mandir, in the once disputed land.
item10782	The VHP had spearheaded the movement along with saints which reached its peak in the nineties when the likes of Ashok Singhal led attempts for Kar Seva in the disputed land.
item10783	On December six , nineteen ninety two, hundreds and thousands of Kar Sevaks who pledged their allegiance to VHP had brought down the Babri Masjid which stood at the disputed land.
item10784	More than half Indians interviewed for a survey said they would not accept organ donations from LGBTQ donors.
item10785	A new survey in India has revealed that out of a group of more than half said they would not accept organ donations from LGBTQ donors.
item10786	The survey, conducted by Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance, in association with Karvy Insights among fifteen sixty five respondents, across twelve cities in India, revealed some disturbing facts about Indians' homophobic perception of LGBTQ organ donors as well as organ donation in general.
item10787	Out of all the respondents, fifty six percent said they would not agree to take organs from LGBTQ donors while fifty four percent said LGBTQ persons should not be allowed to donate organs at all.
item10788	This is not the only time that the LGBTQ community has been stigmatized when it comes to healthcare.
item10789	National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO), the state-owned regulator of AIDS in India, classifies LGBTQ donors as high risk, meaning they are not allowed to donate blood for transfusions.
item10790	The ban was revealed when activist Chetan Kothari filed a Right to Information (RTI) with the organisation's Blood Safety Division in twenty seventeen and caused widespread outrage among critics.
item10791	Dr Farah Ingale told DNA at the time that the discriminating "high-risk" classification for the entire community was based on the stereotypical perception of queer persons as sexually aggressive with multiple partners.
item10792	However, it isn't just the queer community that stops prevents Indians from openly accepting organ donations.
item10793	Belief in reincarnation and familial disapproval could also affect the choice.
item10794	The survey revealed that one out of five respondents believed organ donation could affect the process of rebirth with nineteen percent convinced that donating an organ would result in reincarnation without that organ.
item10795	As much as fourty six percent Indians felt that organ donation was a scam while fourty three percent would not do it because of objections from family.
item10796	At point five per million people, India has one of the lowest rates of organ donors in the world.
item10797	According to data released by Mohan Foundation, almost five lakh patients die annually in India due untimely transplants caused by shortage of organs.
item10798	One day, there was a mouse that was very afraid. A big cat was chasing him. The mouse was running as fast as he could to save his life. 
item10799	The mouse saw a big grandfather clock. It climbed up the clock. It reached the top and sat down to rest.
item10800	Not long after that, the clock struck one, ‘Dong!’ The mouse had such a shock that he ran down the clock.
item10801	Moral of the story : You should be courageous when facing certain issues. Otherwise even a small creature will threaten you and take you for granted. 
item10802	You should have more courage and boldness to face the dangers of life. That alone will keep you away from the enemies and the dangers.
item10803	A milkman became very wealthy through dishonest means. He had to cross a river daily to reach the city where his customers lived. 
item10804	He mixed the water of the river generously with the milk that he sold for a good profit. One day he went around collecting the dues in order to celebrate the wedding of his son. With the large amount thus collected he purchased plenty of rich clothes and glittering gold ornaments. 
item10805	But while crossing the river the boat capsized and all his costly purchases were swallowed by the river. 
item10806	The milk vendor was speechless with grief. At that time he heard a voice that came from the river, “Do not weep. What you have lost is only the illicit gains you earned through cheating your customers.
item10807	MORAL : Honest dealings are always supreme. Money earned by wrong methods will never remain for ever.