item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10419	Gates also complimented India's pioneering work in vaccine manufacturing, saying the country has made impactful contribution in improving peoples' lives.
item10420	"When people think of India, they think of the IT services and the great work done there.
item10421	Less visible but certainly very impactful for improving the human condition is the great work done by the vaccine manufacturers, whether it's Serum, who's the largest, but a dozen others - Bharat Biotech, Bio-E, a number of companies," he said.
item10422	In the last one decade, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has been working in areas of health-care, sanitation, agriculture and financial services for the underprivileged people in India.
item10423	The foundation's partnerships with Indian manufacturers have led to development of affordable efficacious vaccines which has enabled different countries to introduce these vaccines, said an official of the foundation.
item10424	Heavy rains in October and November have brought more misery to India's farmers, after summer-sown crops such as soybean, cotton, rice and vegetables suffered rain and flood damage during the wettest June-September monsoon season in twenty five years.
item10425	"We couldn't harvest soybeans last month due to continuous rainfall," said Shantabai Chikhale, sixty five, while harvesting with her son on a one acre plot in Maharashtra, India's second largest soybean production state.
item10426	Chikhale had been expecting a bumper crop, but now estimates that two-thirds of the soybean pods on her farm in Kalamb village were knocked off by the rains, while much of the remaining crop has been damaged.
item10427	The recent wet spell is also forcing farmers, like Chikhale, to delay sowing winter crops, placing a further drag on the rural economy at a time when India's economic growth has slumped to a six-year low.
item10428	After the ample monsoon rains, The Solvent Extractors' Association (SEA) had expected India soybean harvest to be more than ten million tonnes, just a little down on twenty eighteen's ten point three million tonnes.
item10429	But heavy recent rains damaged the crop in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh, which account for more than eighty five pecent of India's output, and forced the trade body to cut that estimate to below nine million tonnes, said BV Mehta, executive director of the SEA.
item10430	As a result, local soybean prices have risen to their highest in three and a half years, making exports of soymeal uncompetitive, traders said.
item10431	Lower soybean production could force India, the world's biggest importer of edible oils, to import more in twenty nineteen/twenty marketing year that started on October one , said a Mumbai-based dealer with a global trading firm.
item10432	The deluge also hit cotton in the world's biggest producer.
item10433	Cotton bolls were damaged by late rains in Maharashtra and Gujarat, which account for over half of the country's output, said Arun Sekhsaria, managing director of exporter DD Cotton.
item10434	Until a few weeks ago, industry officials such as Pradeep Jain, president of Khandesh Ginning and Pressing Factory Owners and Traders Association, were expecting a twenty pecent jump in cotton production in twenty nineteen from a year ago.
item10435	But now Jain says the production could rise by ten to twelve pecent.
item10436	Cyclone Bulbul also soaked the eastern states of Odisha and West Bengal last week, damaging rice crops in these key producing states, said Nitin Gupta, vice president for Olam India's rice business.
item10437	"Supplies from the new season crop for exports have been delayed by around two weeks," Gupta said.
item10438	Sugar mills in Maharashtra, the No.
item10439	One afternoon, a little boy had lost his kitten. He looked under his bed. He looked all over his house. But still there was no puppy. Finally, he looked for his puppy in the garden. After a few hours, he still could not find the puppy.
item10440	The little boy was tired and was about to give up. Then he saw his neighbour, Mrs Hardin.
item10441	"I beg your pardon, Mrs Hardin. Is my puppy in your garden?" asked the little boy.
item10442	"Oh yes, she is. She is chewing on a mutton bone," replied Mrs Hardin.
item10443	The little boy climbed the fence and saw his puppy chewing on a mutton bone. He was so happy that his puppy was not lost but had only gone to his good neighbor's house to eat.
item10444	Moral of the story :Do not give up searching for something you have lost too soon.