item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10718	What problem you have with my marriages.
item10719	Is it because of my marriages you were in jail for two years," he asked the Chief Minister.
item10720	The actor also wondered how English can be introduced as the medium of instruction without training the teachers.
item10721	Jana Sena Party chief and firebrand Telugu hero Pawan Kalyan on Thursday said he would try to find a solution to the unabated RTC employees strike.
item10722	Pitching for a negotiated settlement Kalyan said he would try to meet Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao and request him to address their demands.
item10723	The actor turned politician, who has been active in politics despite serious drubbing in the general elections in Andhra Pradesh, said that he would seek an appointment with the Chief Minister failing which he would extend his support to the future agitational programmes of the employees.
item10724	His statement comes after the Join Action Committee of the unions met the actor-turned politician, seeking his support.
item10725	"Before leaving for Visakhapatnam on November three , I will seek an appointment with the CM on the twenty four demands of RTC employees.
item10726	I request him to hold talks with the unions in a cordial atmosphere and find an amicable solution." Kalyan said.
item10727	Terming the role of RTC employees during the Telangana statehood agitation as "unignorable," the Jana Sena leader said the dispensation should keep in mind the hardships being faced by the families of the protesters.
item10728	The Jana Sena president further opined that it is not good for the government to remain stubborn on the strike.
item10729	"This is not just the problem of the fourty eight thousand striking RTC employees but a problem of all the people of the state," he said.
item10730	He also expressed grief over the twenty seven-day long stir and the extreme steps taken by the sixteen workers, who ended their lives out of fear of losing their jobs.
item10731	The strike by the employees entered the twenty seventh day on Thursday.
item10732	Employee unions of Telangana State Road Transport Corporation (TSRTC) started the indefinite strike from October five on a call given by the JAC, demanding merger of the corporation with the government among others.
item10733	The striking employees, workers of opposition parties and others have been organising protests in support of their demands and against the TRS government since then.
item10734	Ruling out discussions with the agitating unions, the TRS government had said the employees stir was illegal as they caused immense inconvenience to the public.
item10735	The High Court is currently hearing a petition on the strike.
item10736	Meanwhile, the CPI's state Assistant Secretary K Sambasiva Rao who was on indefinite fast for the past six days ended his stir after JAC and other leaders offered him lime juice.
item10737	The CPI leader undertook the fast supporting the strike, at his party office here and later police shifted him to a state-run hospital where he resumed it.
item10738	Georgie Porgie was a cheeky little boy. He liked to tease people especially little girls.
item10739	One afternoon, he went to the park near his house. He found a little girl and tried to kiss her. The girl cried and sobbed because she did not like Georgie.
item10740	Then, some boys came to the park and saw Georgie chasing after the girl. They shouted and laughed loudly at Georgie. Georgie stopped chasing the girl and ran away feeling embarrassed. 
item10741	Thereafter Georgie hesitated to play with his friends because he remembered his embarrassment that he faced in front of his friends. This incident prohibited him from chasing girls thereafter.
item10742	Moral of the story : Being cheeky and naughty has its limits. Behave yourself so that you do not cause problems to others.
item10743	Once upon a time, there was a peaceful kingdom. The king heard rumors that barbarians were going to attack his castle soon. So he called his two favorite pets - the huge grey goose and gander.
item10744	"My dear goose and gander, our kingdom is in danger. Take my daughter to a safe place on top of the tallest hill," said the king. So the grey goose and gander flew the princess who sat in a red sheet over the one-strand river to the top of the tallest hill.
item10745	Six months had passed but the kingdom was not attacked. The king regretted his decision and told the grey goose and gander to bring home his daughter. Then the king understood that he had to be careful before taking actions based up the rumors which need not be true. 
item10746	The king was aware of his discretion before taking any decision.
item10747	Moral of the story : You do not have to overreact just because you overheard rumors. 