item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10933	As the no-shows provoked a controversy, photos of Mr Gambhir, who was in Indore as cricket commentator for a channel, were derided by AAP.
item10934	The MP was seen enjoying jalebis with two former teammates.
item10935	Mr Gambhir hit back the same day, saying he should be judged by his work and not by "propaganda or false narrative spread by the minions of the honest CM".
item10936	He accused AAP of making an issue of his commercial engagements, entered into before he became an MP, to mask the ''incompetence'' and ''political greed'' of their leader (Arvind Kejriwal).
item10937	It is the "saddest thing" that the party, which claims to represent the honest people, could do, said the ex-cricketer.
item10938	If you are planning a trip to the picturesque Leh and Ladakh region during the winter season, do not worry about getting stranded in a car due to the freezing of diesel in sub-zero temperatures.
item10939	State-owned Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) has now launched a special winter-grade diesel which doesn't lose its fluidity even in extreme weather conditions.
item10940	During the winter season, the temperature in Ladakh goes below -twenty degree Celsius to minus thirty degree Celsius.
item10941	The winter-grade diesel, developed by IOCL's Panipat refinery, is usable up to -thirty three degree celsius.
item10942	"Indian Oil has come up with an innovative solution to the problem of loss of fluidity in diesel by introducing a special winter-grade diesel with a low pour point of minus thirty three degree Celsius which doesn't lose its fluidity function even in extreme winter weather conditions," the fuel retailer said in a statement.
item10943	The winter grade diesel also meets BIS specification of BS-VI grade diesel.
item10944	Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said Ladakh will now get uninterrupted supply of special winter-grade diesel, which will help reduce the hardships faced by the local people for transportation and mobility during the harsh winter months.
item10945	This will further facilitate the local economy as well as tourism of the region, he said adding that all diesel taxi vehicles in Ladakh stop working in the winter season as diesel gets frozen but now people can use winter-grade diesel.
item10946	IOC has made arrangements for pumping winter-grade diesel from Panipat refinery to Jalandhar and onward to Leh depot by road for regular availability of the product in the highest altitude petrol pumps at Leh-Ladakh.
item10947	"For nearly six decades, Indian Oil has been undertaking the mammoth annual task of advance winter stocking for the Ladakh region to ensure round-the-year availability of fuel supplies despite the closure of roads for nearly six months in severe weather conditions," IOC said adding it transports nearly ten crore litres of petroleum products in a short span of just five months to the union territory.
item10948	Motorists in high-altitude sectors such as Ladakh, Kargil, Kaza and Keylong face the problem of freezing of diesel in their vehicles when winter temperatures drop to as low as minus thirty-degrees Celsius.
item10949	Congress general-secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra on Sunday hit out at the Uttar Pradesh government over an audio clip in which state minister Swati Singh allegedly threatened a police officer.
item10950	"A minister in UP's BJP government says orders have come from the top, no action is to be taken against the corrupt.
item10951	Who are these people at the "top" who do not want action against the corrupt? DHFL-PF scam, SIDCO-PF scam, Homeguard salary scam and LDA scam.
item10952	Why action has not been initiated against the big fishes in all these scams," Priyanka Gandhi tweeted in India.
item10953	There lived an old tiger in a forest. He could not hunt animals as he used to do when he was young. It was becoming difficult to get prey. The tiger thought, "I have lost my strength and speed of my youth. Unless I find some trick, I will starve to death".
item10954	After long thoughts, the tiger struck upon a plan. He began to keep on saying "I am very old. I have turned into a vegetarian. I have become a sanyasi. I will not hunt animals" and so on.
item10955	Soon these words spread in the jungle. Innocent animals came to pay respect to the tiger thinking that the tiger had turned into a saint. The tiger pounced on animals when they came to his cave.
item10956	These words fell in the ears of a fox. The fox began to think, "Can a tiger become a saint?" He was eager to find the truth.
item10957	Stealthily, the fox approached the tiger's cave. He minutely and carefully examined the foot prints of animals. He found all foot prints going towards the cave but not returning from the cave. He told all animals in the forest. "The tiger is a cheat. Don't go to the cave".
item10958	The tiger had to starve to death.
item10959	MORAL : Satanic words are not to be believed.
item10960	Sheba, the queen of jungle, was very fond of babies. Once, she announced, "I order all animals to come to my palace with their babies. The animal who has the most beautiful baby will be awarded a prize".
item10961	All animals came to Sheba's palace with their babies.
item10962	Sheba started inspecting the babies one by one. She came to a monkey and said "What an ugly baby! You will not get the prize".
item10963	The baby monkey started to cry. The monkey said, "What a foolish queen she is! Who wants her prize! You are my jewel, my dear child. You are more precious than anything under the sky".
item10964	MORAL : Mother’s love has no equals.