item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item10748	Several WhatsApp groups on Saturday went on 'admin only' mode with users of the messaging app taking precautions amid reports that security agencies were keeping an eye on the social media in view of the Supreme Court verdict in the Ayodhya case.
item10749	Soon after news came out on Friday night that the apex court will deliver its verdict the next morning, messages started circulating on WhatsApp groups asking them to go into 'admin only' mode for the next few days to avoid posting of any objectionable content by any member.
item10750	Appeals were also made to all social media users to exercise restraint and not to post any content, which would create communal disharmony and disturb law and order.
item10751	Meanwhile, security has been beefed up in Hyderabad and the rest of Telangana in view of the Supreme Court verdict.
item10752	Additional police forces have been deployed in the communally sensitive old city of Hyderabad.
item10753	Hyderabad Police Commissioner Anjani Kumar held a meeting with top officials late Friday night to discuss the security arrangements.
item10754	While the state government has not issued any order declaring holiday for schools, several private educational institutions announced a holiday as a precautionary measure.
item10755	Leaders of various political and religious organisations appealed to people to maintain calm and not to show any reaction to the verdict.
item10756	After the Supreme Court, in its verdict in the Babri Masjid-Ram Janmabhoomi title case on November nine , pronounced that the entire disputed land be handed over to the deity Ram Lalla, an organisation of twenty one indigenous Muslim communities of Assam has offered Rs five lakh for the construction of the Ram temple.
item10757	Janagusthiya Samonnoy Parishad, Assam, a conglomeration of indigenous Muslim bodies, announced a donation of Rs five lakh for the construction of Ram Mandir in Ayodhya.
item10758	"The Supreme Court has removed the hurdles in the construction of Ram mandir with the historic judgment.
item10759	We welcome it.
item10760	The indigenous Muslim communities of Assam have twenty one organisations and their coordination forum is Janagosthiya Samannay Parishad, Assam.
item10761	It will offer Rs five lakh to the trust which will be formed for the construction of Ram mandir," said Mominul Awal, chief convenor of the Parishad and chairman of Assam Minorities Development Board.
item10762	Jonogusthiya Somonnoy Parishad Assam (JSPA) represents Garia, Maria, Deshi, Jalha, Maimal and Kachari Muslims whose ancestors converted to Islam from different ethnic groups of the state.
item10763	"We are happy with the historic judgment and we will donate Rs five lakh because we want to be part of this decision that will further strengthen the spirit of unity and harmony in the country," said JSPA leader Syed Muminul Awal, who is also a senior BJP spokesperson.
item10764	After the verdict, minority-based political party All India United Democratic Front led by Moulana Badaruddin Ajmal said it honours the judgment and appealed to people in Assam and the country to maintain peace and not to make any inflammatory comments on the social media.
item10765	The Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), which spearheaded the Ram Janmabhoomi movement, clarified on Sunday that it is not collecting any fund for the construction of the proposed Ram Temple.
item10766	Milind Parande, the international secretary general of VHP in a statement has said: "Since nineteen eighty nine, neither VHP nor Shri Ram Janmbhumi Nyas had collected or made any announcement to collect funds for the Temple at birth place of Bhagwan Shri Ram.
item10767	"In present time too, VHP or Shri Ram Janmbhumi Nyas had neither made any such appeal nor doing so."
item10768	Once upon a time in a fairy tale land a cat and a dog were friends. One night, the cat invited the dog for a party at his house.
item10769	The cat played the fiddle. The dog happily clapped his hands. Suddenly, they saw a cow flying in the sky. It jumped over the moon. The dog laughed. Just then, they saw a dish and a spoon from the party running away together. And they laughed even louder. After that they became the best friends.
item10770	Moral of the story : Enemies could also become good friends. So, we have to be nice even to our enemies. This way we could reduce the friction between people and enmity will get eroded. The safety and peace will prevail in this world. We need more peace than prosperity. Peace will create the environment for happy living. 
item10771	A woman had a pet mongoose. It was very faithful. One day she went to the market, leaving her baby in the care of the mongoose.
item10772	At that time a big cobra entered the house. The mongoose killed it after a long and fierce fight.
item10773	When the woman came back she saw the mongoose lying at the entrance. She noticed its blood-covered mouth.
item10774	In her haste the woman thought that the mongoose had killed her baby. In a moment of sudden fury, the woman threw the water pot on the mongoose and killed it.
item10775	Alas! When she entered the house she was filled with remorse. Her baby was playing cheerfully.
item10776	Nearby a big cobra lay dead. The woman shed tears of grief fondling the carcass of the mongoose.
item10777	MORAL : Do not act in haste.