item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3158	Data show that thirteen point eight lakh students in the ITIs are suffering due to poor institutional accreditation. 
item3159	Placement in NSDC training has been less than Fifteen percent. Maybe if we take care of the present, we will be better prepared for the future.
item3160	Santosh Mehrotra is Professor of Economics, Centre for Labour, Jawaharlal Nehru University, and a lead author of the National Skills Qualification Framework. 
item3161	Ashutosh Pratap works on skills and jobs issues and has worked with the Expert Committee.
item3162	The decision by the Reserve Bank of Indias Monetary Policy Committee to raise benchmark interest rates again by twenty five basis points is a prudent one. 
item3163	This is the second successive rate increase in as many months, a response to mounting uncertainties on the inflation front. 
item3164	Continuing volatility in crude oil prices, the recent softening notwithstanding, and its vulnerability to geopolitical tensions and supply disruptions is one of the main risks to the inflation outlook. 
item3165	Among the RBIs other concerns are volatile global financial markets, possibilities of fiscal slippage at the Central and State levels, 
item3166	The likely impact of the increase in the minimum support price for kharif crops, and the staggered impact of upward revisions to house rent allowance paid by State governments.
item3167	Rainfall has so far been six percent below the long-period average and deficient over a wider area than last year more than a fifth of the countrys thirty six sub-divisions have reported shortfalls.
item3168	This has resulted in a drop in the total sown area under kharif. 
item3169	The monetary authority has flagged the need to keep a close watch on rain over the remainder of the season, given the risks regional imbalances may pose to paddy output and CPI inflation. 
item3170	The June round of the RBIs own survey of household inflation expectations reveals that families see prices hardening even further over both the three- and twelve-month horizons. 
item3171	Domestic economic activity having strengthened to a point where the output gap has virtually closed.
item3172	Manufacturers polled by the central bank have reported higher input costs and selling prices over the April-June quarter.
item3173	Policymakers on the MPC have understandably spotlighted the risks to the domestic economic rebound from global developments. 
item3174	While rising trade protectionism threatens to impact investment flows, disrupt global supply chains and hurt all-round productivity, 
item3175	Depreciations in the value of most currencies against the strengthening dollar have rippled through many major advanced and emerging economies, spurring inflation across these markets. 
item3176	The MPCs primary remit is to ensure that retail inflation stays firmly within a band of two to six percent, and preferably anchored at four percent over the medium term. 
item3177	So there is no room to quibble over the committees majority decision to raise borrowing costs while retaining a neutral policy stance. 
item3178	With inflation widely accepted as a hidden tax on the poor, the containment of price gains justifiably ought to be the reason of monetary policy.
item3179	Resolution of the Ethiopia-Eritrea conflict brings hope for stability and development.
item3180	Ethiopias decision this month to implement an earlier peace agreement with neighbouring Eritrea brokered by the African Union brings hope, despite the problems that loom ahead. 
item3181	The agreement signed by the two countries in Algiers in December two thousand was intended to bring an end to a conflict triggered by Eritrea, but the pact was never fully implemented. 
item3182	The two neighbours remained deadlocked in a conflict that has over time claimed more than fifty thousand lives over a dispute concerning the border town of Badme. 
item3183	Her office was to direct the jealousy of the injured wife towards a young lady who was perfectly innocent. 
item3184	The whole court took notice of the coldness and rudeness with which the Queen treated
item3185	the poor girl on whom suspicion had been thrown: 
item3186	But the cause of Her Majesty's ill humour was a mystery. 
item3187	For a time the intrigue went on prosperously and secretly. 
item3188	Catharine often told the King lainly what the Protestant Lords of the Council only dared to hint in the most delicate phrases. 
item3189	His crown, she said, was at stake: the old dotard Arundell and the blustering Thomas would lead him to his ruin. 
item3190	It is possible that her caresses might have done what the united exhortations of the Lords and the Commons, of the House of Austria and the Holy See, 
item3191	Had failed to do, but for a strange mishap which changed the whole face of affairs. 
item3192	James, in a fit of fondness, determined to make his mistress Countess of Dorchester in her own right. 
item3193	Catharine saw all the peril of such a step, and declined the invidious honour. 
item3194	Her lover was obstinate, and himself forced the patent into her hands. 
item3195	She at last accepted it on one condition, which shows her confidence in her own power and in his weakness. 
item3196	She made him give her a solemn promise, not that he would never quit her, but that, if he did so, 
item3197	He would himself announce his resolution to her, and grant her one parting interview.
