item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2794	Earlier this year, the Muslim Council of Britain used the instance of a meeting in Parliament attended by Tapan Ghosh, 
item2795	the leader of the Hindu Samhati, last year, to highlight a wider problem of Islamophobia within party the room had been booked through the office of a Conservative MP. 
item2796	Mr. Johnsons latest comments have provoked anger from both Muslim and non-Muslim members of the Conservative Party, with one senior MP, Dominic Grieve, suggesting he would leave the party should the former become its leader. 
item2797	For its part, the party said it had launched a disciplinary investigation into Mr. Johnsons comments on the burka.
item2798	However, he has had many defenders too a recent poll for Sky News found that up to sixty percent of the public did not view his comments as racist, and conservatives in both Britain and the U.S. have defended him. 
item2799	In fact when Mr. Trump became U.S. President, Mr. Johnsons congratulatory message was among the most effusive of senior politicians globally. 
item2800	I am increasingly admiring of Donald Trump, Mr. Johnson remarked earlier this year, while Mr. Trump in turn suggested that Mr. Johnson would make a great Prime Minister.
item2801	Mr. Johnsons prime ministerial aspirations are of course no secret. 
item2802	During his time as Foreign Secretary until his resignation in early July in protest against the direction of the governments Brexit policy, many of his actions were seen as attempts to undermine Ms. May: 
item2803	Such as publishing a four thousand word essay on his vision of Brexit just before a major speech by her. 
item2804	He is seen as a front-runner to replace her: in early August just before his comments on the burka but after his resignation, 
item2805	He came in as the most popular person to replace Ms. May in a poll by Conservative Home, suggesting his increasingly right-ward politics was striking a chord with the party membership. 
item2806	He is not the only one in his party to have benefited from its internalisation of increasingly right-wing policies, as has been seen with the rise of Jacob Rees-Mogg, 
item2807	The chair of the anti-Brexit European Research Group, whose particularly conservative vein of Conservatism has made him the unlikely figurehead of a young right-wing party movement.
item2808	It would hardly come as a surprise that Steve Bannon, the former chairman of the alt-right Bart News and former adviser to Mr. Trump, 
item2809	Has admitted to being in regular communications with Mr. Johnson. Mr. Bannon has spoken of his eagerness to build an anti-European Union, 
item2810	Nationalist movement across Europe, and has described the British politician as one of the most important persons on the world stage. 
item2811	Mr. Johnsons latest comments and the outcry against him will only serve to strengthen his appeal to the right.
item2812	What will happen to Mr. Johnson within the Conservative Party remains to be seen: disciplinary action could very well follow, 
item2813	Which would help build his image as a martyr of the alt-right. 
item2814	One thing is clear though: his political days are far from over, as the Trump playbook of pandering to prejudice and division gains admirers in Europe.
item2815	Imran Khans Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf has exceeded expectations in emerging from Wednesdays election within touching distance of a majority. 
item2816	The former cricketer will come to the Prime Ministers office at the end of a bitter year, and his first test will be to assert a legitimate claim to power. 
item2817	The campaign for these federal and provincial elections in Pakistan has been called the dirtiest in its history, 
item2818	And the announcement of the results is already tainted by allegations of rigging and military interference. 
item2819	But disgraced the illustrious name which he bore by abject submissions and entreaties. 
item2820	He protested that he had not been privy to the design of assassination; 
item2821	But he owned that he had meditated rebellion,professed deep repentance for his offence,
item2822	Implored the intercession of the Judges, and vowed that, if the royal clemency were extended to him, 
item2823	His whole life should be passed in evincing his gratitude for such goodness. 
item2824	The Whigs were furious at his pusillanimity, and loudly declared him to be far more deserving of blame than Grey, 
item2825	Who, even in turning King's evidence, had preserved a certain decorum. 
item2826	Hampden's life was spared; but his family paid several thousand pounds to the Chancellor.
item2827	Some courtiers of less note succeeded in extorting smaller sums. 
item2828	The unhappy man had spirit enough to feel keenly the degradation to which he had stooped. 
item2829	He survived the day of his ignominy several years. 
item2830	He lived to see his party triumphant, to be once more an important member of it, 
item2831	To rise high in the state, and to make his persecutors tremble in their turn. 
item2832	But his prosperity was embittered by one insupportable recollection. 
item2833	He never regained his cheerfulness,and at length died by his own hand.
