item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3198	A boundaries delimitation commission had awarded the area to Eritrea in two thousand two, but Ethiopia refused to cede control. 
item3199	The presence of Ethiopian troops served to prolong the confrontation, as Eritrea mobilised its own forces under its autocratic leader, President Isaias Afwerki. 
item3200	The conflict gave the dictator a pretext to expand a large conscription programme, 
item3201	In the process enslaving thousands of young men and women and triggering a mass exodus to European countries. 
item3202	Desperate Eritrean migrants were among the hundreds who drowned off Italys Lampedusa island in two thousand thirteen.
item3203	Ethiopias decision to honour the terms of the peace accord is credited to its popular and young Prime Minister, Abiy Ahmed, who assumed office this April. 
item3204	The rapprochement is part of a string of democratic reforms he has unveiled including lifting the state of emergency, 
item3205	Releasing thousands of political prisoners, and removing some Opposition parties from the list of terrorist groups. 
item3206	But there are already rumblings in the ruling Ethiopian Peoples Revolutionary Democratic Front, between the countrys ethnic majority and the politically dominant Tigrayan minority.
item3207	 The choice of Mr. Ahmed as Prime Minister was aimed at restoring stability in the light of growing unrest in the community for greater political representation. 
item3208	Unless managed tactfully, these internal tensions within the governing coalition could impede the peace process. 
item3209	For Eritrea, a lasting settlement to the prolonged conflict on the Horn of Africa will constitute a major milestone, 
item3210	One that has come twenty five years after it gained independence from Ethiopia in nineteen ninety three, following a prolonged guerrilla war. 
item3211	All the same, the end of hostilities could mean a diminishing role for the military and a loosening of President Afwerkis grip over the state apparatus. 
item3212	The former rebel leader has resisted holding general elections since independence and has not honoured the nineteen ninety seven constitution. 
item3213	Restoration of peace and democracy is an urgent priority in both countries, which are among the poorest in the world. 
item3214	Greater transparency and political accountability at home are also prerequisites for stability across the borders. 
item3215	Ethiopia and Eritrea are strategically located, both as gateways for global trade and for counter-terrorism operations. 
item3216	Peace will allow landlocked Ethiopia to access Eritrean ports, and tie the two countries into greater economic cooperation. 
item3217	The international community must step up to engage Ethiopia and Eritrea on fairer terms than it has during the course of the bitter conflict. 
item3218	But the path to redemption will ultimately lie in the political wisdom and vision of their leaders.
item3219	The arraignment of former Union Minister P. Chidambaram on corruption charges is a flashpoint in relations between the ruling BJP and the principal Opposition party.
item3220	It also came on the eve of the debate in Parliament on a no-confidence motion against the four-year-old Narendra Modi government. 
item3221	The CBI has filed a charge sheet against Mr. Chidambaram, his son Karti Chidambaram and sixteen others, 
item3222	On the ground that Foreign Investment Promotion Board approval was granted for investments made in Aircel.
item3223	As soon as the news of her elevation got abroad, the whole palace was in an uproar. 
item3224	The warm blood of Italy boiled in the veins of the Queen. 
item3225	Proud of her youth and of her charms, of her high rank and of her stainless chastity, 
item3226	She could not without agonies of grief and rage see herself deserted and insulted for such a rival. 
item3227	Rochester, perhaps remembering how patiently, after a short struggle, Catharine of Braganza
item3228	had consented to treat the mistresses of Charles with politeness, had expected that, 
item3229	After a little complaining and pouting, Mary of Modena would be equally submissive. 
item3230	It was not so. She did not even attempt to conceal from the eyes of the world the violence of her emotions. 
item3231	Day after day the courtiers who came to see her dine observed that the dishes were removed untasted from the table. 
item3232	She suffered the tears to stream down her cheeks unconcealed in the presence of the whole circle of ministers and envoys. 
item3233	To the King she spoke with wild vehemence. "Let me go," she cried. 
item3234	"You have made your woman a Countess: make her a Queen. Put my crown on her head. Only let me hide myself in some convent, where I may never see her more." 
item3235	Then, more soberly, she asked him how he reconciled his conduct to his religious professions. 
item3236	"You are ready," she said, "to put your kingdom to hazard for the sake of your soul; and yet you are throwing away your soul for the sake of that creature." 
item3237	Father Petre, on bended knees, seconded these remonstrances.
