item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3562	The latest ICC Test rankings with Virat Kohli as the top batsman provide a curiously apt backdrop to the Indian cricket teams current tour of England. 
item3563	His ranking was enabled by his two hundred runs, one hundred and fourty nine in the first innings and fifty one in the second, in the first Test in Birmingham which almost took India to victory.
item3564	But in the event spared the tourists the embarrassment of a crushing defeat. 
item3565	Together, the two overlapping statistics Kohlis success in taking command of Indias batting in both innings.
item3566	Even if it fell short of getting the team past the English total, and his ascent up the ICC rankings frame the juncture the India team is at. 
item3567	Kohli has comfortably asserted his dominance in the abbreviated formats of the game, both One-Day Internationals and Twenty-twenties. 
item3568	Yet when it came to Tests, despite his fifty three-plus average, there had always been a debate over the critical distance he needed to traverse from being a very good batsman to being counted among the greats of the modern era. 
item3569	His dismal showing during Indias previous tour of England, in two thousand fourteen, with just one thirty four runs from ten innings, could not be ignored. 
item3570	Kohli is conscious of the need to prove himself in away tours. 
item3571	Once he had spoken of his dream to score a Test ton against Dale Steyn and company in South Africa, and went on to promptly do so in two thousand thirteen. 
item3572	England presents an especially important challenge to him. 
item3573	For one, it is a personal point to prove against James Anderson, who had in two thousand fourteen dismissed Kohli on four occasions. 
item3574	He has clearly learnt to play Anderson, and in Birmingham, his line around the off-stump was either countered with a straight bat and soft hands or left alone.
item3575	More importantly, with England having revived the tradition of five-Test series, a victorious English summer has become a measure of a teams ability to count itself among the best. 
item3576	In the first Test, Kohlis innings were worthy of being preserved as textbook manuals on batting against crafty fast bowlers. 
item3577	Equally, his leadership qualities were revealed by his skill in shielding the tail as he piled up his one hundred and fourty nine in the first innings. 
item3578	The ICC top ranking will likely remain his for some time. 
item3579	With nine hundred thirty four points, Kohli is just marginally ahead of Steve Smith , but the Australian is currently serving a one-year ban for ball-tampering and holds no threat; 
item3580	The next two potential challengers, Englands Root and New Zealander Kane Williamson, hover far behind. 
item3581	But the remaining four Tests, including the Lords fixture that began on Thursday, will determine the Indian skippers capacity to seize the moment. 
item3582	Kohli has clearly reclaimed his mojo in England, but in a team sport, he will also have to draw out the best from his whole pack to claim greatness.
item3583	The catastrophic impact of monsoon rainfall on several districts of Kerala has come as a grim reminder that the vigil against unpredictable natural disasters must never be relaxed. 
item3584	More than three dozen people have died and an estimated Rupees Eight Thousands crore worth of economic assets have been lost in the seasonal rain, particularly over the past week. 
item3585	The gates of reservoirs in the Idukki system, a giant hydroelectric project, and several other dams have been opened, inundating riverside habitations downstream. 
item3586	At the peak of the havoc, about sixty thousand people whose dwellings suffered damage were lodged in relief camps. 
item3587	The Roman Catholics did not yield the victory without a struggle. 
item3588	One of them, named Henry Hills, had been appointed printer to the royal household and chapel, 
item3589	And had been placed by the King at the head of a great office in London from which theological tracts came forth by hundreds. 
item3590	 Walker's press was not less active at Oxford. 
item3591	But, with the exception of some bad translations of Bossuet's admirable works, these establishments put forth nothing of the smallest value. 
item3592	It was indeed impossible for any intelligent and candid Roman Catholic to deny that the champions of his Church were, in every talent and acquirement, completely over-matched.
item3593	The ablest of them would not, on the other side, have been considered as of the third rate.
item3594	Many of them, even when they had something to say, knew not how to say it. 
item3595	They had been excluded by their religion from English schools and universities; nor had they ever, till the accession of James, found England an agreeable, or even a safe, residence. 
item3596	They had therefore passed the greater part of their lives on the Continent, and had almost unlearned their mother tongue. 
item3597	When they preached, their outlandish accent moved the derision of the audience. 
item3598	They spelt like washerwomen. Their diction was disfigured by foreign idioms; and, when they meant to be eloquent, 
item3599	They imitated, as well as they could, what was considered as fine writing in those Italian academies where rhetoric had then reached the last stage of corruption. 
item3600	Disputants labouring under these disadvantages would scarcely, even with truth on their side, 
item3601	Have been able to make head against men whose style is eminently distinguished by simple purity and grace.
