item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2915	Such a strong public philosophy is often incomprehensible to people outside France. 
item2916	In many parts of the world, the French insistence that race does not exist and that the state should remain rigorously secular seem strange. 
item2917	Would it not be better to celebrate Frances multi-ethnic and multi-religious composition?
item2918	Would this not allow the French to face up to the waves of immigration that are the most visible legacy of a violent colonial past?
item2919	Perhaps it would. But things are not quite that simple. 
item2920	Over the past century and a half, France has received and successfully absorbed millions of immigrants from Europe, Africa, Asia, the Pacific and the Caribbean. 
item2921	For better or for worse, almost all of them have wanted to become French and have clung tightly to their French identity. 
item2922	This was true even during moments of crisis, like the Second World War, when the French state tried to strip some of them of their citizenship.
item2923	Moreover, large-scale surveys of social attitudes over the past few decades show clearly that the French are becoming more tolerant in their attitudes towards race, ethnicity and origin.
item2924	The fact that more French people than ever are willing to call their country racist does not mean that France today is more racist than it was half a century ago.
item2925	Has this deep attachment to citizenship and a growing tolerance towards ethnic difference come about because of Frances much-maligned colour-blind republicanism? 
item2926	Some would say yes; others would argue exactly the opposite. One thing is for sure, though: the claim that this World Cup-winning team is African is factually incorrect.
item2927	Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo scores his side's opening goal during the group B match between Portugal and Morocco in the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow, Russia.
item2928	There is nothing wrong with Noah, or umpteen other people all over the world, supporting France because the team is African, black or simply not-very-white. 
item2929	But this does not reflect the life stories of the players or their own relationship to their country.
item2930	Some of the teams most iconic stars like Paul , Kant and Mayor are pure products of contemporary France. 
item2931	They grew up in depressed neighbourhoods on the outskirts of Paris; 
item2932	They went to French schools; and their only footballing dream was to emulate the great French team of nineteen ninety eight.
item2933	They will know the difficult stories of their immigrant parents and they will have suffered intense racism while growing up,
item2934	But they almost certainly feel more comfortable in Paris or Lyon than Bamako or Casablanca.
item2935	Perhaps most importantly, we need to remember that they are only young footballers.
item2936	Rather than force on them an African identity they may or may not choose to inhabit, 
item2937	We should leave them to enjoy their spectacular victory and their understandable pride at having represented a country they know does not always live up to its own ideals.
item2938	As a law that empowers the citizen, the Right to Information Act, two thousand five quickly struck root in a country saddled with the colonial legacy of secretive government. 
item2939	The move by the NDA government to amend the far-sighted law aims at eroding the independence of the Information Commissions at the national level and in the States. 
item2940	Jeffreys conducted himself, as was his wont, insolently and unjustly. 
item2941	He had indeed an old grudge to stimulate his zeal.
item2942	 He had been Chief Justice of Chester when Delamere, then Mr. Booth, represented that county in Parliament. 
item2943	Booth had bitterly complained to the Commons that the dearest interests of his constituents were intrusted to a drunken jackpudding.
item2944	The revengeful judge was now not ashamed to resort to artifices which even in an advocate would have been culpable. 
item2945	He reminded the Lords Triers, in very significant language, that Del had, in Parliament,
item2946	Objected to the bill for attainting Monmouth, a fact which was not, and could not be, in evidence. 
item2947	But it was not in the power of Jeffreys to overawe a synod of peers as he had been in the habit of overawing common juries. 
item2948	The evidence for the crown would probably have been thought amply sufficient on the Western Circuit or at the City Sessions, 
item2949	But could not for a moment impose on such men as Rochester, Godolphin, and Churchill; 
item2950	Nor were they, with all their faults, depraved enough to condemn a fellow creature to death against the plainest rules of justice. 
item2951	Grey, Wade, and Goodenough were produced, but could only repeat what they had heard said by Monmouth and by Wildman's emissaries. 
item2952	The principal witness for the prosecution, a miscreant named Saxton, who had been concerned in the rebellion, 
item2953	And was now labouring to earn his pardon by swearing against all who were obnoxious to the government, who proved by overwhelming evidence to have told a series of falsehoods.
item2954	All the Triers, from Churchill who, as junior baron, spoke first, up to the Treasurer, pronounced, on their honour, that Delamere was not guilty. 
