item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4568	With vested interests exploiting the lack of transparency and regulatory bottlenecks. 
item4569	With a transparent system, professional new entrants can enter the sector. 
item4570	As things stand, State-run services have not kept pace with the times. 
item4571	Major investments made in the urban metro rail systems are yielding poor results in the absence of last-mile connectivity services.
item4572	Creating an equitable regulatory framework for the orderly growth of services is critical. 
item4573	This could be achieved through changes to the MV Act that set benchmarks for States.
item4574	Enabling well-run bus services to operate across States with suitable permit charges is an imperative to meet the needs of a growing economy. 
item4575	Regulatory changes introduced in Europe over the past few years for bus services have fostered competition, reduced fares and increased services operating across European Union member-states. 
item4576	Other aspects of the proposed amendments deal with road safety. These, however, are likely to achieve little without strong enforcement by the States. 
item4577	The effort to curb institutionalised corruption at Regional Transport Offices by making it possible for dealers to directly register new vehicles.
item4578	Care is needed to see that other measures, such as sharply enhancing fines for rule violations, do not only result in greater harassment. 
item4579	It is the certainty of enforcement, zero tolerance and escalating penalties that will really work. 
item4580	There are some new provisions to harness technology, including CCTV monitoring, to improve road safety.
item4581	But these cannot produce results when there is no professional accident investigation agency to determine best practices.
item4582	Indian banks trying to sell their troubled assets now have one less hurdle to cross. 
item4583	A group of banks, including public sector, private sector and foreign banks, signed an inter-creditor agreement on Monday.
item4584	To push for the speedy resolution of non-performing loans on their balance sheets.
item4585	According to the agreement, a majority representing two-thirds of the loans within a consortium of lenders should now be sufficient.
item4586	To override any objection to the resolution process coming from dissenting lenders. 
item4587	Minority lenders who suspect they are being short-changed by other lenders can now either sell their assets at a discount to a willing buyer or buy out loans from other lenders at a premium. 
item4588	The inter-creditor agreement is aimed at the resolution of loan accounts with a size of fifty crore and above that are under the control of a group of lenders. 
item4589	It is part of the Sashakt plan approved by the government to address the problem of resolving bad loans. 
item4590	Over the last few years, Indian banks have been forced by the Reserve Bank of India to recognise troubled assets on their books, but their resolution has remained a challenge.
item4591	According to banker Sunil Mehta, who headed a panel that recommended the plan, disagreement between joint lenders is the biggest problem in resolving stressed assets. 
item4592	The government hopes that the holdout problem, where the objections of a few lenders prevent a settlement between the majority lenders, will be solved through the inter-creditor agreement.
item4593	Thus two sections of the Tory party, a section which looked forward to an accommodation with James, 
item4594	And a section which was opposed to any such accommodation, agreed in supporting the plan of Regency. 
item4595	But a third section, which, though not very numerous, had great weight and influence, recommended a very different plan. 
item4596	The leaders of this small band were Danby and the Bishop of London in the House of Lords, and Sir Robert in the House of Commons. 
item4597	They conceived that they had found out a way of effecting a complete revolution under strictly legal forms. 
item4598	It was contrary to all principle, they said, that the King should be deposed by his subjects; nor was it necessary to depose him. 
item4599	He had himself, by his flight, abdicated his power and dignity. A demise had actually taken place. 
item4600	All constitutional lawyers held that the throne of England could not be one moment vacant. The next heir had therefore succeeded. 
item4601	Who, then, was the next heir? As to the infant who had been carried into France, his entrance into the world had been attended by many suspicious circumstances. 
item4602	It was due to the other members of the royal family and to the nation that all doubts should be cleared up. 
item4603	An investigation had been solemnly demanded, in the name of the Princess of Orange, by her husband, and would have been instituted 
item4604	If the parties who were accused of fraud had not taken a course which, in any ordinary case, would have been considered as a decisive proof of guilt. 
item4605	They had not chosen to await the issue of a solemn parliamentary proceeding: they had stolen away into a foreign country: 
item4606	They had carried with them the child: they had carried with them all those French and Italian women of the bedchamber who, if there had been foul play, 
item4607	Must have been privy to it, and who ought therefore to have been subjected to a rigorous cross examination. 
item4608	To admit the boy's claim without inquiry was impossible; and those who called themselves his parents had made inquiry impossible.
