item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4769	The main reason why portrayal of the past in school textbooks arouses controversy is that a publicly shared past imparts a collective memory and identity. 
item4770	Textbooks are viewed as officially approved documents even if they are privately produced and have no official sanction and are therefore believed to be associated with state power. 
item4771	Significantly, they do shape the perceptions of the young because children are impressionable. 
item4772	Children introduced to a certain version of the past at school acquire a disposition which can be politically mobilised in the future.
item4773	Debates over school textbooks seldom take into account the significance of curricular design and the preparation of a syllabus. 
item4774	When criticising poor quality textbooks, people do not recognise that the problem may be at the level of syllabus and curriculum. 
item4775	Similarly, when good textbooks are appreciated, people seldom realise the effort required in redesigning the curriculum and syllabus.
item4776	The new history textbooks brought out by the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) from two thousand six onwards are a case in point. 
item4777	They have survived the change of government. One reason for their longevity is their professional quality. 
item4778	They have no single authors. Teams of eminent historians worked through deliberation and dialogue, first drafting a new syllabus and then the text itself. 
item4779	They represent the spirit of the National Curriculum Framework, two thousand five, which is still in place, which gives precedence to inquiry through direct exposure to evidence. 
item4780	The textbooks based on it do not narrate a long story. 
item4781	Instead, they enable children to explore different, often divergent, themes, such as lives of peasants and women, architectural styles, etc. 
item4782	Archival material is cited as evidence, and debates among historians are highlighted to demonstrate the difficulties of interpreting evidence.
item4783	These books mark a major step forward in the teaching of history, but older ways of teaching and conventional textbooks have persisted. 
item4784	As a presentation at the Kolkata conference pointed out, the history teacher at school is often someone who has not studied history or enjoyed it. 
item4785	So, despite a shift in historiography, old problems continue to affect the system. 
item4786	One of these is the perception that history is all about wars, kings and dates.
item4787	Another is the tenacity of dividing Indias past into three long chunks: ancient, medieval and modern. 
item4788	These categories flatten out the complexity and richness of Indias history, wasting the opportunity of studying it with the aim of arousing curiosity and imparting tools of inquiry.
item4789	The examination system also reinforces flat perceptions by asking questions that are best answered with the help of guidebooks. 
item4790	The two thousand five curricular revolution has made little impact on this wider scene.
item4791	In most States, the use of history to build collective memory and identity continues. 
item4792	Assam-like situations suggest that education is not perceived as a means of resolving a problem. 
item4793	The fear that incoming migrants would push the regional language into minority status or hurt the States cultural identity shows how poor the States trust in education is.
item4794	When this had been done it would be impossible for our rulers to misunderstand the law:
item4795	But, unless something more were done, it was by no means improbable that they might violate it. 
item4796	Unhappily the Church had long taught the nation that hereditary monarchy, alone among our institutions, was divine and inviolable; 
item4797	That the right of the House of Commons to a share in the legislative power was a right merely human,
item4798	But that the right of the King to the obedience of his people was from above; 
item4799	That the Great Charter was a statute which might be repealed by those who had made it, 
item4800	But that the rule which called the princes of the blood royal to the throne 
item4801	In order of succession was of celestial origin, and that any Act of Parliament inconsistent with that rule was a nullity. 
item4802	It is evident that, in a society in which such superstitions prevail, constitutional freedom must ever be insecure. 
item4803	A power which is regarded merely as the ordinance of man cannot be an efficient check on a power which is regarded as the ordinance of God. 
item4804	It is vain to hope that laws, however excellent, will permanently restrain a King who, in his own opinion, and in that of a great part of his people, 
item4805	Has an authority infinitely higher in kind than the authority which belongs to those laws. 
item4806	To deprive royalty of these mysterious attributes, and to establish the principle that Kings reigned by a right in no respect differing from the right 
item4807	By which freeholders chose knights of the shire, or from the right by which judges granted writs of Habeas Corpus, was absolutely necessary to the security of our liberties.
