item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3077	Private sector engagement in skill development has been taken up by standalone private training partners and not employers. 
item3078	The latter could have made the system demand-driven. 
item3079	Meanwhile, the lack of a regulator for skill development, with teeth, has led to poor quality affiliation, assessment and certification.
item3080	The Somaiya committee report is scathing in its tone and specific in details. 
item3081	It outlines instances of responsibility outsourcing, no oversight, connivance and an ownership tussle between the Central and State governments.
item3082	Private-ITI accreditation troubles started when the Quality Council of India , a private body, was hired due to high workload of affiliation and shortage of staff. 
item3083	The Quality Council of India did not follow accreditation norms created by the National Council for Vocational Training.
item3084	It appears that neither scale nor standard was achieved, but only speed. 
item3085	Speed now risks the future of thirteen point eight lakh students studying in these substandard ITIs, which can be closed any time.
item3086	While they were formed under the governments Craftsman Training Scheme scheme, their day-to-day administration, finances and admissions are with State governments. 
item3087	The N-C-V-T performs an advisory role. The ITIs often run into issues with no one to take ownership. 
item3088	A case in point is the examination process the question paper is prepared by the N-C-V-T, but administered and evaluated by instructors of the State Councils for VT. 
item3089	The N-C-V-T is just a stamp with no role in actually assessing quality. How can quality outcomes be expected without quality assessments?
item3090	The parliamentary committee has shed light on the ITIs.
item3091	If the same exercise were extended to other skill development schemes, the picture would be grimmer. 
item3092	There are one hundred and eighty three cases pending in High Courts on non-compliance of norms by the ITIs. 
item3093	However, the short-term training programmes of the Ministry evade any scrutiny and action. 
item3094	For example, the Standard Training Assessment and Reward scheme spent eight hundred and fifty crore in two thousand thirteen-fourteen with no norms for quality. 
item3095	There were no Aadhaar checks, attendance requirements and batch size limitations. Private training operators have made a profit with no court cases.
item3096	The report also reinforces disturbing findings of a national survey by the research institute (NILERD) of the Planning Commission in two thousand eleven about private ITIs: 
item3097	They offered training in less than five trades had fewer classrooms and workshops for practice; and their teachers were very poorly paid.
item3098	So what can we do systemically? A good point to start would be the Sharda Prasad Committee recommendations.
item3099	We need better oversight, with a national board for all skill development programmes. 
item3100	The core work (accreditation, assessment, certification and course standards) cannot be outsourced. 
item3101	Like every other education board (such as the CBSE), a board is required in vocational training that is accountable. 
item3102	Each of the two parties into which the court was divided had zealous foreign allies. 
item3103	The ministers of Spain, of the Empire, and of the States General were now as anxious to support Rochester as they had formerly been to support Halifax. 
item3104	All the influence of Brother was employed on the other side; 
item3105	And Brother was assisted by another French agent, inferior to him in station, but far superior in abilities, Brown. 
item3106	Baron was not without parts, and possessed in large measure thegraces and accomplishments which then distinguished the French gentry. 
item3107	But his capacity was scarcely equal to what his great place required. 
item3108	He had become sluggish and self indulgent, liked the pleasures of society and of the table better than business, 
item3109	And on great emergencies generally waited for admonitions and even for reprimands from Versailles before he showed much activity. 
item3110	Brown had raised himself from obscurity by the intelligence and industry which he had exhibited as a clerk in the department of the marine, and was esteemed an adept in the mystery of mercantile politics. 
item3111	At the close of the year sixteen eighty five, he was sent to London, charged with several special commissions of high importance. He was to lay the ground for a treaty of commerce; 
item3112	He was to ascertain and report the state of the English fleets and dockyards; and he was to make some overtures to the refugees, 
item3113	Who, it was supposed, had been so effectually tamed by penury and exile, that they would thankfully accept almost any terms of reconciliation. 
item3114	The new Envoy's origin was plebeian, his stature was dwarfish, his countenance was ludicrously ugly, and his accent was that of his native Gascony: 
item3115	But his strong sense, his keen penetration, and his lively wit eminently qualified him for his post. 
item3116	In spite of every disadvantage of birth and figure he was soon known as a most pleasing companion and as a most skilful diplomatist. 
