item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4288	This is why the right to privacy judgment was celebrated last year. 
item4289	It signified hope that things could get better, that values of freedom, autonomy and dignity would be realised. 
item4290	However, the Srikrishna Report shows that the danger to a high constitutional principle may more often be that it is disregarded, rather than that it is disobeyed. 
item4291	By re-framing and re-interpreting the right to privacy, the report entrenches the positions of the two entities.
item4292	Which already wield the most power over ordinary Indians: corporations and the government. 
item4293	As time passes, we will have many opportunities to look back to the day when the Supreme Court declared the fundamental right to privacy. 
item4294	When we do, we should feel relief rather than regret.
item4295	Given the vast amounts of personal data being collected by private companies and state agencies, and their flow across national jurisdictions.
item4296	The absence of a data protection legal framework in India has been a cause for deep concern.
item4297	This is even more so because in many cases individuals whose data have been used and processed by agencies.
item4298	Both private firms and state entities, are oblivious to the purpose for which they are being harnessed. 
item4299	The need for legislation was also underlined last year with the landmark judgment in Justice Puttaswamy versus Union of India that held the right to privacy to be a fundamental right.
item4300	Against this backdrop, the draft legislation on data protection submitted by a committee of experts chaired by Justice Srikrishna to the Ministry.
item4301	After year-long public consultations provides a sound foundation on which to speedily build Indias legal framework. 
item4302	This is akin to a contractual relationship that places obligations on the entities entrusted with data.
item4303	And who are obligated to seek the consent of the principal for the use of personal information.
item4304	The draft legislation puts the onus on the data fiduciary to seek clear, informed, specific and free consent. 
item4305	With the possibility of withdrawal of data of the principal to allow for the use and processing of sensitive personal data.
item4306	In many ways, the draft legislation mirrors the General Data Protection Regulation, the framework on data protection implemented in the European Union this May.
item4307	It envisages the creation of a regulatory Data Protection Authority of India to protect the interests of principals .
item4308	And to monitor the implementation of the provisions of the enabling data protection legislation. 
item4309	Taken together, the draft bill and the report mark a welcome step forward, but there are some grey areas. 
item4310	The exemptions granted to state institutions from acquiring informed consent from principals or processing personal data in many cases appear to be too blanket.
item4311	Such as those pertaining to the security of the state. 
item4312	These are hold-all phrases, and checks are vital. 
item4313	That afternoon the tidings of the flight reached London. The King's adherents were confounded. The Whigs could not conceal their joy. 
item4314	The good news encouraged the Prince to take a bold and important step. 
item4315	He was informed that communications were passing between the French embassy and the party hostile to him. 
item4316	It was well known that at that embassy all the arts of corruption were well understood; and there could be little doubt that, 
item4317	At such a conjuncture, neither intrigues nor pistoles would be spared. 
item4318	Barillon was most desirous to remain a few days longer in London, and for that end omitted no art which could conciliate the victorious party. 
item4319	In the streets he quieted the populace, who looked angrily at his coach, by throwing money among them. 
item4320	At his table he publicly drank the health of the Prince of Orange. But William was not to be so cajoled. 
item4321	He had not, indeed, taken on himself to exercise regal authority: but he was a general and, as such, he was not bound to tolerate, 
item4322	Within the territory of which he had taken military occupation, the presence of one whom he regarded as a spy. 
item4323	Before that day closed Barillon was informed that he must leave England within twenty-four hours. He begged hard for a short delay: 
item4324	but minutes were precious; the order was repeated in more peremptory terms; and he unwillingly set off for Dover. 
item4325	That no mark of contempt and defiance might be omitted, he was escorted to the coast by one of his Protestant countrymen whom persecution had driven into exile. 
item4326	So bitter was the resentment excited by the French ambition and arrogance that even those Englishmen who were not generally disposed to take a favourable view of William's conduct.
item4327	 Loudly applauded him for retorting with so much spirit the insolence with which Lewis had, during many years, treated every court in Europe.
