item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4648	As former Chief Economic Adviser Kaushik Basu said last week, the rupees correct value may be closer to seventy-seventy one to the dollar.
item4649	And achieving that level will boost job-creating sectors like exports that have severely underperformed in recent years.
item4650	In addition, with foreign exchange reserves currently around four hundred billion dollars, India is comfortably placed. 
item4651	With both consumer and wholesale price inflation easing in July, the Reserve Bank of India, which has only intervened sparingly in the forex market so far, may have room to hold off.
item4652	The global flight to safety towards the Japanese yen and the U.S. dollar and the prospect of higher oil prices remain risks. 
item4653	But India is better-placed than most other emerging economies to use this tumult as an opportunity, instead of seeing it as a calamity.
item4654	In U.S. President Donald Trumps simplistic world-view, slapping tariffs on the U.S.s main trading partners Canada, China, the European Union, and Mexico.
item4655	It will reduce U.S. trade deficits, bring back well-paying manufacturing jobs, and make America great again. 
item4656	This has such populist appeal that pro-trade Republicans in Congress have largely been silent on the issue.
item4657	Since China, for instance, exported some five hundred and five billion dollars worth of goods to the U.S. last year but imported only one hundred thirty billion dollars.
item4658	Mr. Trump assumes that China could not match the escalation in tariffs since it has a weaker hand. 
item4659	In April, he tweeted, When you are already five hundred Billion dollars DOWN, you cant lose.
item4660	This approach simply ignores the complexity of global supply chains. 
item4661	It also glosses over underlying problems with the U.S. industrial structure. 
item4662	These changes, rather than globalisation, are responsible for the stagnation of average U.S. wages in real terms for almost 40 years.
item4663	Non-Chinese owned companies account for almost sixty percent of Chinese exports to the U.S. 
item4664	Much of this consists of very specialised parts required by U.S. factories to make a variety of products ranging from out-board motors for boats to computer routers. 
item4665	Since these non-Chinese companies cannot easily relocate their operations to other countries.
item4666	The net result is that the burden of the tariffs will be felt by consumers in the U.S. 
item4667	The Trump administrations imposition of a twenty percent tax on washing machines in February led to its price going up in U.S. stores by sixteen point four percent.
item4668	U.S. imports from China also include products which contain parts made in other countries.
item4669	The Peterson Institute for International Economics estimates that eighty seven percent of computers and electronics, which constitute the largest share of Chinese exports to the U.S..
item4670	It includes parts and financing from other countries like South Korea, Japan, and the U.S. itself. 
item4671	So not only does this limit the negative impact on Chinese manufacturing practices, it also affects other countries. 
item4672	Even before Mr. Trump imposed a ten percent tariff on two hundred billion dollars worth of Chinese goods in July, South Koreas exports of cars and consumer electronics to China fell substantially.
item4673	Thus far no difference of opinion had appeared: but both sides were preparing for the conflict. 
item4674	The Tories were strong in the Upper House, and weak in the Lower; and they knew that, at such a conjuncture, 
item4675	The House which should be the first to come to a resolution would have a great advantage over the other. 
item4676	There was not the least chance that the Commons would send up to the Lords a vote in favour of the plan of Regency: 
item4677	But, if such a vote were sent down from the Lords to the Commons, it was not absolutely impossible 
item4678	That many even of the Whig representatives of the people might be disposed to servility 
item4679	Rather than take the grave responsibility of causing discord and delay at a crisis which required union and expedition. 
item4680	The Commons had determined that, on Monday the twenty-eighth of January, they would take into consideration the state of the nation. 
item4681	The Tory Lords therefore proposed, on Friday the twenty-fifth, to enter instantly on the great business for which they had been called together. 
item4682	But their motives were clearly discerned and their tactics frustrated by Halifax, who, ever since his return from Hungerford, 
item4683	Had seen that the settlement of the government could be effected on Whig principles only,
item4684	And who had therefore, for the time, allied himself closely with the Whigs. 
item4685	Devonshire moved that Tuesday the twenty-ninth should be the day. "By that time," he said with more truth than discretion, 
item4686	"We may have some lights from below which may be useful for our guidance." 
item4687	His motion was carried; but his language was severely censured by some of his brother peers as derogatory to their order.
