item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2673	As Vallabhbhai Patel had then said, Indias Constitution-making process, and especially its citizenship clause, was going to be scrutinised all over the world. 
item2674	As scholar Niraja Gopal Jayal has observed, this was probably because Indian nationalism during the freedom movement had not attempted to define itself on exclusive racial or ethnic bases.
item2675	Seventy years later, Indias approach to citizenship is once again going to be scrutinised by the world. 
item2676	The subcontinent has seen multiple, large-scale humanitarian crises erupt over questions of nationhood, citizenship and identity. 
item2677	One hopes the Supreme Court has the good sense not to spark off yet another for no apparent reason.
item2678	The elections in Pakistan have delivered the expected outcome a victory for Imran Khans party, Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf.
item2679	Though with slightly greater numbers than was perhaps anticipated. 
item2680	Twenty-two years after he entered politics, Mr. Khans persistence has finally paid off as he gets ready to be sworn in as the new Prime Minister of Pakistan. 
item2681	However, he will remain dependent on coalition partners who will ensure that he keeps in line with what the umpire wants. 
item2682	Mr. Khan needs to understand that while on the cricket pitch, the winner is a playing team, in Pakistani politics, the Army is the umpire and calls the shots.
item2683	Every election is guided by a hawa (a wave), and after so many elections, the Army has become adept at manipulating the hawa.
item2684	In the two thousand two elections, with Gen. Pervez Musharraf in charge, it was clear that neither the Pakistan Peoples Party nor the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz could be allowed to win.
item2685	And so a new party, the Pakistan Muslim League , or PML, emerged to sweep the election. 
item2686	Incidentally, the PML has been reduced to five seats this time and will support Mr. Khan.
item2687	In the two thousand eight election, Benazir Bhuttos assassination (in December two thousand seven) created a sympathy wave for the PPP 
item2688	But an accommodating President (and her husband) Asif Ali Zardari ensured that the Army remained in control of key policy matters. 
item2689	Five years later, dissatisfaction with the PPPs mis-governance propelled Nawaz Sharif to victory and he was sworn in as Prime Minister for the third time. 
item2690	Ironically, even though Mr. Sharifs political career was nurtured under the benign gaze of Gen Zia-ul-Haq in the nineteen eighties, 
item2691	His relations with the Army have invariably been strained every time he has been Prime Minister. The first time he became Prime Minister, in nineteen ninety, 
item2692	He ended up being dismissed by President Ghulam Ishaq Khan in nineteen ninety three over growing differences with Chief of Army Staff .
item2693	History repeated itself and this time too. 
item2694	His relations with the Army deteriorated from two thousand sixteen onwards with the Dawn leaks about a meeting where the Armys flawed Afghan policy was held responsible.
item2695	For Pakistans international isolation and worsening law and order situation at home. 
item2696	The Army was not amused and held the Prime Ministers office responsible for the embarrassing disclosure. 
item2697	The Panama Papers came in useful to begin an inquiry into Mr. Sharifs financial assets, eventually leading to a judgment on somewhat flimsy grounds, resulting in his resignation last year. 
item2698	On the same day it became clear that the spirit of opposition had spread from the Commons to the Lords, and even to the episcopal bench. 
item2699	William Cavendish, Earl of Devonshire, took the lead in the Upper House; and he was well qualified to do so. 
item2700	In wealth and influence he was second to none of the English nobles; and the general voice designated him as the finest gentleman of his time. 
item2701	His magnificence, his taste, his talents, his classical learning, his high spirit, the grace and urbanity of his manners, were admitted by his enemies. 
item2702	His eulogists, unhappily, could not pretend that his morals had escaped untainted from the widespread contagion of that age. 
item2703	Though an enemy of Popery and of arbitrary power, he had been averse to extreme courses, had been willing, when the Exclusion Bill was lost, 
item2704	To agree to a compromise, and had never been concerned in the illegal and imprudent schemes which had brought discredit on the Whig party. 
item2705	But, though regretting part of the conduct of his friends, he had not, on that account, failed to perform zealously the most arduous and perilous duties of friendship. 
item2706	He had stood near Russell at the bar, had parted from him on the sad morning of the execution 
item2707	With close embraces and with many bitter tears, nay, had offered to manage an escape at the hazard of his own life. 
item2708	This great nobleman now proposed that a day should be fixed for considering the royal speech. 
item2709	It was contended, on the other side, that the Lords, by voting thanks for the speech, had precluded themselves from complaining of it. 
item2710	But this objection was treated with contempt by Halifax. "Such thanks," he said with the sarcastic pleasantry in which he excelled, 
item2711	Imply no approbation. We are thankful whenever our gracious Sovereign deigns to speak to us. 
item2712	Especially thankful are we when, as on the present occasion, he speaks out, and gives us fair warning of what we are to suffer.
