item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4688	According to Professor Mary Lovely of Syracuse University, U.S. merchandise exports from China account for only three percent of Chinese manufacturing revenue. 
item4689	And the impact of tariffs on a potential reduction of these exports is further diminished by a seven percent fall in the value of the Chinese currency. 
item4690	Beijing also has more than one trillion dollars in foreign currency reserves to cushion the brunt of a trade war with Washington.
item4691	The retaliatory tariffs China has imposed on U.S. products have also had a negative impact on German car producers in the U.S.
item4692	Where BMW has its largest factory in Spartanburg, South Carolina rather than in its home country. 
item4693	By raising duties on soybeans and pork, it has struck at Mr. Trumps key constituencies of support in the U.S. midwest. 
item4694	Beijings tariffs even hit Kentucky bourbon to increase pressure on the Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell who represents that State.
item4695	Similarly, the twenty five percent tariff imposed on Mexican steel exports to the U.S. has had no impact on the Mexican automobile industry. 
item4696	The northern Mexican city of Matamoros produces ninety percent of all steering wheels used in U.S. vehicles and the city is also the largest producer of windshield wipers in North America.
item4697	Instead, these tariffs by raising the cost of production compelled U.S. companies to reduce employment!
item4698	No tariff can overturn the cost advantage Mexico has over the U.S. in labour costs. 
item4699	The national minimum wage there is a little over four dollars a day while the average worker in the U.S. automobile sector earns eighteen dollars an hour. 
item4700	In effect, as Gao Feng, a Chinese government spokesman, said, The U.S. is opening fire on the world, and on itself too.
item4701	Second, the focus on trade crucially ignores changes in the U.S. corporate structure and industrial relations over the last thirty years.
item4702	Which have led to the phenomenon of extreme inequalities in income and wealth in the country. 
item4703	Ever since U.S. President Ronald Reagan launched an assault against the air traffic controllers union in nineteen eighty one, trade unions have been in retreat. 
item4704	In the years that followed, legislation and the courts have made it easier to fire union organisers.
item4705	To use scabs to break strikes and for employers to campaign against unionisation of workers.
item4706	As a result, less than seven percent of private sector employees today are unionised, compared to a third in the nineteen fifties.
item4707	Meanwhile, as Professor Robert , Secretary of Labour under U.S. President Bill Clinton, notes, anti-trust enforcement has gone into remission.
item4708	It has become easier for large companies to merge and form giant oligopolies. 
item4709	At its peak in the mid-nineteen ninetys, there were eight thousand publicly traded firms in the U.S. stock market. 
item4710	Recently, Apple became the first company to have a one trillion dollars valuation and today just thirty companies reap half of all profits produced by all publicly traded companies. 
item4711	In nineteen seventy five, the corresponding figure was one hundred and nine. 
item4712	Half of all the gains registered by Standard and Poors five hundred-stock index was delivered by just five companies: Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Netflix, and Alphabet, the parent company of Google.
item4713	During the two following days London was in an unquiet and anxious state. 
item4714	The Tories began to hope that they might be able again to bring forward their favourite plan of Regency with better success. 
item4715	Perhaps the Prince himself, when he found that he had no chance of wearing the crown, might prefer Sancroft's scheme to Danby's. 
item4716	It was better doubtless to be a King than to be a Regent: but it was better to be a Regent than to be a gentleman usher. 
item4717	On the other side the lower and fiercer class of Whigs, the old emissaries of State, the old associates of College, began to stir in the City. 
item4718	Crowds assembled in Palace Yard, and held threatening language. 
item4719	Lord Lovelace, who was suspected of having encouraged these assemblies, 
item4720	Informed the Peers that he was charged with a petition requesting them instantly to declare the Prince and Princess of Orange King and Queen. 
item4721	He was asked by whom the petition was signed. "There are no hands to it yet," he answered; "but, when I bring it here next, there shall be hands enough." 
item4722	This menace alarmed and disgusted his own party. The leading Whigs were, in truth, even more anxious than the Tories. 
item4723	That the deliberations of the Convention should be perfectly free, and that it should not be in the power of any adherent of James to allege that either House had acted under force. 
item4724	A petition, similar to that which had been entrusted to Lovelace, was brought into the House of Commons, but was contemptuously rejected. 
item4725	Mayor was foremost in protesting against the attempt of the rabble in the streets to overawe the Estates of the Realm. 
item4726	William sent for Lovelace, expostulated with him strongly, and ordered the magistrates to act with vigour against all unlawful assemblies.
item4727	Nothing in the history of our revolution is more deserving of admiration and of imitation than the manner in which the two parties in the Convention,
