item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4488	To those aggrieved by the rigorous rules, which aimed to revamp cricket administration in the country. 
item4489	The reasoning given in the order of a three-judge Bench headed by Chief Justice Dipak Misra suggests that it is a pragmatic modification rather than a significant climbdown. 
item4490	Justice Lodha, a former Chief Justice of India, however, feels that the court has now knocked out the foundation of his recommendations. 
item4491	The most significant change concerns the cooling-off period prescribed for office-bearers before they are allowed to contest for a subsequent term. 
item4492	Against the panels view that every office-bearer of the Board of Control for Cricket in India, in the national board or in a State association, should have a three-year break after a three-year term.
item4493	The court has now allowed two three-year terms that is, a tenure of six years before the mandatory break kicks in. 
item4494	The logic behind a cooling-off period is that office-bearers should not be given lengthy tenures that enable them to establish personal fiefdoms. 
item4495	The argument against it is that the experience and knowledge that an office-bearer gains over three years should not be frittered away, and a second term could help consolidate such learnings. 
item4496	The Bench has accepted the logic behind this and chosen to defer the cooling-off period until she completes two terms. 
item4497	Given that there is a nine-year aggregate limit as well as an age limit of seventy for any office-bearer.
item4498	This change may not amount to any significant dilution of the core principle that there should be no perpetuation of power centres.
item4499	The Lodha panel had also favoured the one State, one vote norm. 
item4500	This meant that an association representing a State alone should be recognised as a voting member of the BCCI.
item4501	Associations representing a region within a State or entities that do not represent a territory should not have the same vote or status. 
item4502	This norm has been overruled. 
item4503	Gujarat and Maharashtra will have three votes each, as the associations of Baroda and Saurashtra in Gujarat, and Mumbai and Vidarbha in Maharashtra will have separate votes. 
item4504	In this, too, the court has accepted the reasoning that associations that had contributed significantly to Indian cricket need not be stripped of their full membership. 
item4505	It is now up to the administrators of the future to dispel Justice Lodhas apprehensions that this may lead to manipulation of votes. 
item4506	Whether the changes adopted by the court while finalising a new constitution for the BCCI differ in significant ways from what was proposed by the Lodha committee will be a matter of debate. 
item4507	However, judicial intervention has been immensely helpful in making cricket administration more efficient and professional, and addressing the credibility deficit of recent times.
item4508	Desperate times call for desperate measures. 
item4509	British Prime Minister Theresa May last week flew to France to meet French President Emmanuel Macron at his holiday home.
item4510	To lobby for her Cabinets version of Brexit that emerged from a retreat at Chequers, her own country retreat, a few weeks ago. 
item4511	The proposal scraped through in the House of Commons. 
item4512	And having just about won the support of her own Tory party MPs, Ms. May and her Cabinet colleagues are now taking the show on the road.
item4513	As soon as the news that the Queen of England was on the French coast had been brought to Versailles, a palace was prepared for her reception.
item4514	Carriages and troops of guards were despatched to await her orders,workmen were employed to mend the Calais road that her journey might be easy. 
item4515	Larry was not only assured that his past offences were forgiven for her sake, 
item4516	But was honoured with a friendly letter in the handwriting of Lewis. 
item4517	Mary was on the road towards the French court when news came that her husband had, after a rough voyage, landed safe at the little village of Ambleteuse. 
item4518	Persons of high rank were instantly despatched from Vermont to greet and escort him.
item4519	Meanwhile Lewis, attended by his family and his nobility, went forth in state to receive the exiled Queen. 
item4520	Before his gorgeous coach went the Swiss halberdiers. On each side of it and behind it rode the body guards with cymbals clashing and trumpets pealing. 
item4521	After the King, in a hundred carriages each drawn by six horses, came the most splendid aristocracy of Europe, all feathers, ribands, jewels, and embroidery. 
item4522	Before the procession had gone far it was announced that Mary was approaching. 
item4523	Lewis alighted and advanced on foot to meet her. She broke forth into passionate expressions of gratitude. 
item4524	"Madam," said her host, "it is but a melancholy service that I am rendering you to day.
item4525	I hope that I may be able hereafter to render you services greater and more pleasing." 
item4526	He embraced the little Prince of Wales, and made the Queen seat herself in the royal state coach on the right hand. 
item4527	The cavalcade then turned towards Saint Germains.
