item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3682	This is to be expected, as this happens to be the year before the elections. 
item3683	As for the industrial sector, we have data for the Index of Industrial Production for the first quarter. 
item3684	They show substantial improvement over the corresponding period of the previous year. 
item3685	It is important to remember that the correlation between the IIP and national income data on manufacturing is poor. 
item3686	Some sectors (automobiles and railway freight traffic) in the first quarter have done well. 
item3687	The combined revenues and profit of three hundred and seventy large companies have shown better performance in the first quarter, even though they are on a weak base. 
item3688	The problems of the goods and services tax may have been largely overcome, but it is still a work in progress. A pick-up in the growth rate in the manufacturing sector is likely.
item3689	Looking at the overall GDP, after several quarters of low growth, there was a strong pick-up in the last quarter of two thousand seventeen-eighteen. 
item3690	If this momentum is maintained, the growth rate will certainly be above Seven percent.
item3691	How much higher above Seven percent will depend on a number of factors. International financial institutions have forecast a growth rate of Seven point three percent. 
item3692	The Reserve Bank of India expects it to be Seven point four percent.
item3693	However, we need to take note of certain concerns that can come in the way of faster growth.
item3694	The external environment is far from reassuring. Trade wars have already started and can get worse. 
item3695	The U.S. has raised duties on several products such as steel and aluminium, and on certain products imported from China. 
item3696	In turn, China has retaliated. India has also been caught in this exchange. It is difficult to forecast how much worse this will become. 
item3697	Besides these, there are country-specific sanctions such as those against Iran, which have a direct impact on crude oil output and prices. 
item3698	India benefited from the fall in crude prices earlier but this position has reversed. There has been some lull in crude prices. 
item3699	As a net importer, Indias balance of payments can take a beating if crude prices rise again.
item3700	In this context, we need to ensure that the rupee does not appreciate in real terms. 
item3701	Despite a current account deficit, Indias rupee had remained strong because of capital flows.
item3702	With a rising trade deficit and some outflow of capital, the rupee has depreciated. This is not unnatural. 
item3703	The RBI should act only to ensure that the adjustment is smooth and there are no violent fluctuations. 
item3704	But what is really important is to make our exports competitive. The exchange rate is only one element. 
item3705	Improved efficiency in production and better infrastructure are equally important.
item3706	Maintenance of domestic stability also plays a key role. Over the medium term, we need to search for an alternative fuel.The banking system continues to be a source of concern. 
item3707	It was known all over London that the Bishops were before the Council. 
item3708	The public anxiety was intense. A great multitude filled the courts of Whitehall and all the neighbouring streets. 
item3709	Many people were in the habit of refreshing themselves at the close of a summer day with the cool air of the Thames.But on this evening the whole river was alive with wherries. 
item3710	When the Seven came forth under a guard, the emotions of the people broke through all restraint. 
item3711	Thousands fell on their knees and prayed aloud for the men who had, with the Christian, courage of Ridley and Latimer, confronted a tyrant inflamed by all the bigotry of Mary. 
item3712	Many dashed into the stream, and, up to their waists in ooze and water, cried to the holy fathers to bless them. 
item3713	All down the river, from Whitehall to London Bridge, the royal barge passed between lines of boats, from which arose a shout of "God bless your Lordships." 
item3714	The King, in great alarm, gave orders that the garrison of the Tower should be doubled, that the Guards should be held ready for action, 
item3715	And that two companies should be detached from every regiment in the kingdom, and sent up instantly to London. 
item3716	But the force on which he relied as the means of coercing the people shared all the feelings of the people. 
item3717	The very sentinels who were under arms at the Traitors' Gate reverently asked for a blessing from the martyrs whom they were to guard. 
item3718	Sir Edward Hales was Lieutenant of the Tower. He was little inclined to treat his prisoners with kindness. 
item3719	For he was an apostate from that Church for which they suffered;and he held several lucrative posts by virtue of that dispensing power against which they had protested. 
item3720	He learned with indignation that his soldiers were drinking the health of the Bishops.He ordered his officers to see that it was done no more. 
item3721	But the officers came back with a report that the thing could not be prevented, and that no other health was drunk in the garrison. 
item3722	Nor was it only by carousing that the troops showed their reverence for the fathers of the Church.
