item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4045	Every regional party knows that this shift will get institutionalised if the current regime remains in power.
item4046	In this scenario, the question of who would be the Oppositions prime ministerial face has given the Congress an ideal opening.
item4047	To present itself as the only platform where regional and non-savarna agendas can be credibly articulated at the national level. 
item4048	In fact, if Mr. Gandhi were to proactively withdraw from the prime ministerial race, it could help in three ways. 
item4049	First, it would prove wrong Mr. Modis contention that Mr. Gandhi is in a tearing hurry to occupy the Prime Ministers chair. 
item4050	Apart from blunting the usual barbs about dynastic politics.
item4051	It would lend credibility to Mr. Gandhis image of a reluctant politician whose decision to enter the electoral fray is rooted not in a lust for power but in idealism.
item4052	Second, it would create a welcoming space in the alliance for parties that dislike the BJP.
item4053	But would rather go it alone than play second fiddle in someone elses pre-poll orchestra.
item4054	Third, from a long-term perspective, this is the only viable strategy for a Congress revival at a time when its getting squeezed out in State after State. 
item4055	In a way, this entails a return to the template of the old Congress system, in which conflicting interests were accommodated under a capacious pluralistic umbrella. 
item4056	But unlike in the past, this time around the Congress system would need to break free of the savarna elite that still controls the party. 
item4057	It needs to mould itself into a national pivot for non-savarna and regional interests that now feel compelled to ally with whichever party is in power at the Centre.
item4058	Regardless of how repugnant they may find its politics if they wish to secure even their basic entitlements. 
item4059	Some, like the TDP, which seems to have recently discovered that even this doesnt work, are sure to be interested in alternatives.
item4060	Mr. Gandhi, who has shown sympathy for both social justice and federalism, would do well to develop this realignment into something more.
item4061	We saw its potential in Karnataka, where the Congress, despite winning more than double.
item4062	The number of Assembly seats the Janata Dal did, gave the chief ministership to the regional player.
item4063	The onus is on Mr. Gandhi to refine this Karnataka model, as it were, for the national stage.
item4064	This model of politics requires the Congress to concede more space to smaller parties and take a long-term view of alliances. 
item4065	In contrast, the currently dominant Gujarat model is a ruthlessly homogenising force where one party calls the shots.
item4066	The two thousand nineteen elections may thus see a contest between the Gujarat model and the Karnataka model. 
item4067	It is up to the Opposition parties, and the Congress in particular, to ensure that it is not a one-sided one.
item4068	Surajprasad Naipaul, who passed away at his London home on August eleventh just six days short of his eighty sixth birthday. 
item4069	Will continue to challenge his readers and critics after death as he did in a writing career spanning more than five decades. 
item4070	At first James seemed disposed to make excellent use of the time which he had taken for consideration. 
item4071	The Chancellor was directed to issue writs convoking a Parliament for the thirteenth of January. 
item4072	Halifax was sent for to the closet, had a long audience, and spoke with much more freedom than he had thought it decorous to use in the presence of a large assembly. 
item4073	He was informed that he had been appointed a Commissioner to treat with the Prince of Orange. 
item4074	With him were joined Nottingham and Godolphin. The King declared that he was prepared to make great sacrifices for the sake of peace. 
item4075	Halifax answered that great sacrifices would doubtless be required. "Your Majesty," he said,
item4076	"Must not expect that those who have the power in their hands will consent to any terms which would leave the laws at the mercy of the prerogative."
item4077	With this distinct explanation of his views, he accepted the Commission which the King wished him to undertake. 
item4078	The concessions which a few hours before had been so obstinately refused were now made in the most liberal manner. 
item4079	A proclamation was put forth by which the King not only granted a free pardon to all who were in rebellion against him, 
item4080	But declared them eligible to be members of the approaching Parliament. 
item4081	It was not even required as a condition of eligibility that they should lay down their arms. 
item4082	The same Gazette which announced that the Houses were about to meet contained a notification that Sir Edward Hales, who, as a Papist, as a renegade, 
item4083	As the foremost champion of the dispensing power, and as the harsh gaoler of the Bishops, was one of the most unpopular men in the realm, had ceased to be Lieutenant of the Tower,
item4084	And had been succeeded by his late prisoner, Bevil Skelton, who, though he held no high place in the esteem of his countrymen, was at least not disqualified by law for public trust.
