item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4368	Whether Mr. Hun Sen will adopt a more conciliatory approach in his new term is a matter of speculation. 
item4369	But Cambodians clearly need some respite, as they struggle to rebuild their nation.
item4370	After the widespread destruction during the genocide under the Rouge and the civil war that followed.
item4371	As the Lok Sabha debates the vote of no confidence today, representatives of farmers from across the country will be marching outside Parliament.
item4372	Under the banner of All India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee (AIKSCC), an umbrella body of two hundred and one farmer organisations. 
item4373	Farmers have already passed a vote of no confidence against this government. 
item4374	Far from helping the farmers, this government has actually harmed them in their hour of crisis. 
item4375	This is a strong indictment, backed by solid evidence.
item4376	Here, it is not conclusive to give data on sluggish agricultural growth during this regime.
item4377	Agricultural production suffered due to consecutive droughts for which it is unfair to blame the government. 
item4378	Nor can we use the data on farmer suicides to make a conclusive argument, as this government has tinkered so much.
item4379	Both with the definition of the term and data collection on it, that the data has been made unusable. 
item4380	Further, in any case, the data on farmer suicides has not been released for fifteen months now.
item4381	Here are ten concrete, evidence-based, arguments on why the farmers of India express their vote of no confidence against this government.
item4382	First, this government has failed to act on any of its major election promises in two thousand fourteen. 
item4383	The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)s manifesto promised nothing short of highest priority to agricultural growth, increase in farmers income and rural development. 
item4384	The governments own Economic Survey two thousand eighteen has already conceded that farmers real income has remained stagnant, recording a one point nine percent growth over four years. 
item4385	The concrete promise of higher public investment in agriculture did not materialise; in fact, it has declined in terms of its share of GDP.
item4386	The new farm insurance scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, has consumed thrice as much money as earlier schemes.
item4387	Without either increasing the proportion of farmers who benefited from it, or giving a fair claim to the farmers. 
item4388	The promise of welfare measures for farmers above 60, small farmers and farm labourers was forgotten. The National Land Use Policy was never enacted. 
item4389	The Agricultural Produce Market Committee (APMC) Act was not reformed. We dont even have a promises vs. delivery report card yet.
item4390	Second, the Narendra Modi government actually reneged on its biggest promise of ensuring fifty percent profit over the cost of production to the farmers. 
item4391	In February two thousand fifteen, it filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court refusing to implement this promise on the ground that it will distort the agricultural market. 
item4392	As pressure from farmer organisations mounted, the government shifted the goalpost in the two thousand eighteen Budget.
item4393	He had undertaken no light task. The whole machine of government was disordered. 
item4394	The Justices of the Peace had abandoned their functions. The officers of the revenue had ceased to collect the taxes. 
item4395	The army which Mark had disbanded was still in confusion, and ready to break out into mutiny. 
item4396	The fleet was in a scarcely less alarming state. Large arrears of pay were due to the civil and military servants of the crown; and only forty thousand pounds remained in the Exchequer.
item4397	The Prince addressed himself with vigour to the work of restoring order. 
item4398	He published a proclamation by which all magistrates were continued in office, and another containing orders for the collection of the revenue.
item4399	The new modelling of the army went rapidly on. Many of the noblemen and gentlemen whom James had removed from the command of the English regiments were reappointed. 
item4400	A way was found of employing the thousands of Irish soldiers whom James had brought into England. 
item4401	They could not safely be suffered to remain in a country where they were objects of religious and national animosity. They could not safely be sent home to reinforce the army of Tryconnel. 
item4402	It was therefore determined that they should be sent to the Continent, where they might, under the banners of the House of Austria, 
item4403	Render indirect but effectual service to the cause of the English constitution and of the Protestant religion. 
item4404	Dartmouth was removed from his command; and the navy was conciliated by assurances that every sailor should speedily receive his due. 
item4405	The City of London undertook to extricate the Prince from his financial difficulties. The Common Council, by an unanimous vote, engaged to find him two hundred thousand pounds.
item4406	It was thought a great proof, both of the wealth and of the public spirit of the merchants of the capital, that, in forty-eight hours, the whole sum was raised on no security but the Prince's word. 
item4407	A few weeks before, James had been unable to procure a much smaller sum, though he had offered to pay higher interest, and to pledge valuable property.
