item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4448	And take away the few concessions that farmers had won after one hundred and twenty years. 
item4449	Further, the government has effectively bypassed this law in the land acquisitions done by central agencies like the National Highways Authority of India.
item4450	They also allowed State governments to nullify the provisions benefitting the land-owning farmers.
item4451	Notwithstanding its recent attempts at damage control, this government has justly acquired the reputation of being the most anti-farmer government in the history of independent India. 
item4452	Whatever the fate of the no-confidence motion in the Lok Sabha, the Modi government would find it hard to win a vote of confidence brought by the farmers.In just under twelve months since its introduction in Parliament, the Centre has quietly withdrawn the Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill. 
item4453	The decision to seek the Lok Sabhas approval to withdraw the legislation this week is a clear acknowledgement by the government.
item4454	That it had underestimated the extent and intensity of public opposition to the proposed law. 
item4455	One provision in the Bill had, in particular, generated the greatest debate and attracted the fiercest criticism and ultimately proved to be its very undoing: the bail-in clause. 
item4456	That banks, by the very nature of their business, are essentially dependent on the funds lent to them by depositors.
item4457	To serve as the pool of lendable resources from which they provide credit to borrowers is well known and requires no elaboration. 
item4458	So when a depositor apprehends that her hard-earned savings placed in a bank may be at risk from a law.
item4459	That forces her to partake in the pain of financial losses in case her bank is forced into resolution on account of distress, she will naturally fear such a legislation. 
item4460	The government did make strenuous efforts to reassure the public, explaining the rationale for the Bill as well as the built-in safeguards relating to the bail-in provision. 
item4461	However, its exertions made little headway. 
item4462	Union Minister Piyush Goyal finally informed the joint parliamentary committee that was reviewing the Bill.
item4463	A resolution of these issues would require a comprehensive examination and reconsideration, and that therefore the government deemed it appropriate that the Bill be withdrawn.
item4464	However, the need for a specialised dispensation to cope with large financial corporations on the verge of going bust cannot be overstated.
item4465	Especially given the contagion risk that a bank failure can pose to overall financial stability.
item4466	The withdrawal of the FRDI Bill should therefore be used as an opportunity by policymakers. To reappraise the existing framework for resolving bankruptcy scenarios among financial entities.
item4467	While such a review ought to include an evaluation of the progress made by the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code in addressing the crucial issue of debt resolution in the banking sector.
item4468	It must also look at ways to strengthen the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. 
item4469	Set up in nineteen seventy eight in the aftermath of the collapse of two banks, the DICGC, which guarantees repayment of bank deposits up to ?one lakh in case a bank is liquidated.
item4470	This anomaly must be addressed, especially at a time when several state-run public sector banks have been roiled by a series of frauds and high levels of bad loans. 
item4471	Any measure that helps prevent further erosion of public faith in the beleaguered banking system would undoubtedly be very welcome.
item4472	Two years after accepting the Justice R.M. Lodha Committees recommendations, the Supreme Court has now extended some concessions.
item4473	From this position, so new, so embarrassing, so alarming, nothing but a counterrevolution or a civil war in the British Islands could extricate him. 
item4474	He was therefore impelled by ambition and by fear to espouse the cause of the fallen dynasty. 
item4475	And it is but just to say that motives nobler than ambition or fear had a large share in determining his course. 
item4476	His heart was naturally compassionate; and this was an occasion which could not fail to call forth all his compassion. His situation had prevented his good feelings from fully developing themselves. 
item4477	Sympathy is rarely strong where there is a great inequality of condition; 
item4478	And he was raised so high above the mass of his fellow creatures that their distresses excited in him only a languid pity, 
item4479	Such as that with which we regard the sufferings of the inferior animals, of a famished redbreast or of an overdriven posthorse. 
item4480	The devastation of the Palatinate and the persecution of the Huguenots had therefore given him no uneasiness which pride and bigotry could not effectually soothe. 
item4481	But all the tenderness of which he was capable was called forth by the misery of a great King 
item4482	Who had a few weeks ago been served on the knee by Lords, and who was now a destitute exile. 
item4483	With that tenderness was mingled, in the soul of Lewis, a not ignoble vanity. 
item4484	He would exhibit to the world a pattern of munificence and courtesy. 
item4485	He would show mankind what ought to be the bearing of a perfect gentleman in the highest station and on the greatest occasion; 
item4486	And, in truth, his conduct was marked by a chivalrous generosity and urbanity, such as had not embellished the annals of Europe 
item4487	Since the Black Prince had stood behind the chair of King John at the supper on the field Poitiers.
