item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2713	A pliant judiciary further ensured his disqualification from politics, sentencing him to jail for ten years ,three weeks before the elections, making it clear that the PML(N) was out of favour.
item2714	With the PPP still in disarray, the stars were aligned for Mr. Khan in two thousand eighteen and this perception has catapulted his party from twenty eight seats in two thousand thirteen to one hundred and fifteen (in a house of two seventy two). 
item2715	No doubt he was helped by the khalai makhlooq (extra-terrestrial beings) who engineered last-minute defections from the PML(N), but it contributed to the hawa that has ensured his victory.
item2716	The two thousand eighteen election has contributed a new term, electables, to Pakistani election terminology.
item2717	In their constituencies (largely rural and semi-urban constituencies in Punjab) because of family ties and financial standing and have built an efficient patronage system.
item2718	In two thousand two, they had abandoned the PML and switched to the PML, returning in two thousand eight. 
item2719	This time, many joined the PTI while some chose to fight as independents rather than under the PML(N) banner. 
item2720	The reason was that the PTI was widely seen to be the kings party this time with Mr. Khan being described in Punjab as the new laadla.
item2721	Contrary to most expectations, the religious parties have not fared well in terms of winning seats. 
item2722	Even though the Milli Muslim League Lashkar-e-Taibas chief Hafiz Saeeds political front was not recognised by the Election Commission, 
item2723	It had fielded several candidates using the banner of the Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek, a little known entity founded in two thousand eleven. 
item2724	Hardline Islamic parties have traditionally belonged to the Deobandi school or associated with the Salafis. 
item2725	A hardline Barelvi front is a new development but evidently failed to make much of a dent.
item2726	However, these may have played the role of spoilers, something that will emerge once voting details become clearer.
item2727	The MQMs hold has been in the urban areas of Sindh which account for twenty four out of sixty one seats in the province. 
item2728	Factionalism, a leadership vacuum with the old guard in exile and Army operations to break its nexus with organised racketeering brought down the MQM from nineteen to merely six seats this time. 
item2729	The PTI did surprisingly well, picking up fourteen seats while the PPP retained its hold in rural Sindh. 
item2730	The secular ANP has seen its leadership targeted by the hardliners in recent years and was able to win just one seat in KP.
item2731	During his heyday as the cricket captain who won the World Cup in nineteen ninety two, Imran Khan was known as persistent and autocratic but also able to motivate his team. 
item2732	His election victory shows that he remains an icon for the below- thirty five voter, reflecting the changing demographics of Pakistan. But charisma can fade quickly too.
item2733	In his politics, Mr. Khan has been erratic vowing to fight corruption, seeking to embrace the Taliban, 
item2734	Adopting a nationalist anti-U.S. stance, criticising the Army for its dealings with the U.S. while staying on its right side, cultivating a pious image together with a personal lifestyle that is in sharp contrast. 
item2735	Given that the Senate will remain in the hands of the PML and the PPP at least for the next two years, he will face difficulties in terms of his legislative agenda. 
item2736	His dependence on coalition partners will force him to keep his autocratic tendencies under check. 
item2737	Meanwhile, Pakistans policies towards its neighbours and major powers will continue to be crafted by the Army.
item2738	Doctor Henry Compton, Bishop of London, spoke strongly for the motion. 
item2739	Though not gifted with eminent abilities, nor deeply versed in the learning of his profession,
item2740	He was always heard by the House with respect; 
item2741	For he was one of the few clergymen who could, in that age, boast of noble blood. 
item2742	His own loyalty, and the loyalty of his family, had been signally proved. 
item2743	His father, the second Earl of Northampton, had fought bravely for King Charles the First, 
item2744	And, surrounded by the parliamentary soldiers, had fallen, sword in hand, refusing to give or take quarter. 
item2745	The Bishop himself, before he was ordained, had borne arms in the Guards; 
item2746	And, though he generally did his best to preserve the gravity and sobriety befitting a prelate, 
item2747	Some flashes of his military spirit would, to the last, occasionally break forth. 
item2748	He had been entrusted with the religious education of the two Princesses, 
item2749	And had acquitted himself of that important duty in a manner which had satisfied all good Protestants, 
item2750	And had secured to him considerable influence over the minds of his pupils, especially of the Lady Anne. 
item2751	He now declared that he was empowered to speak the sense of his brethren, and that, in their opinion and in his own, 
item2752	The whole civil and ecclesiastical constitution of the realm was in danger.
