item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3399	Even by the standards of Latin Americas emotive politics, the nomination of Brazils convicted former President, to contest for a third term in the October election is sensational. 
item3400	The charismatic leader from the left-wing Workers Party has been serving a twelve-year jail sentence since April in a bribery and money-laundering case. 
item3401	Mr. Lula may still have his candidacy overruled by the electoral body. 
item3402	But there are many factors why that uncertainty has not deterred his party from daring to nominate him for the countrys top job. 
item3403	In July, a federal judge with suspected PT sympathies ordered Mr. Lulas release. 
item3404	Although the step was swiftly overturned, PT cadres were quick to seize upon the momentum generated by the initially morale-raising move. 
item3405	Despite the original July two thousand seventeen conviction, they have been fiercely protesting his innocence in a bid to project his candidacy for the coming election. 
item3406	A shot in the arm for the pro-Lula camp was an intervention from influential international quarters questioning the judicial process that led to the conviction. 
item3407	A number of U.S. Congressmen, besides former Presidents of Bolivia and France and a former Spanish Prime Minister, have called for an end to Mr. Lulas detention. 
item3408	In addition, his poll ratings, at nearly Thirty percent, are extraordinary for someone serving a prison term. 
item3409	Supporters are tapping into the perception of Mr. Lulas innocence, and portray his persecution as a ploy to prevent him from seeking a third term.
item3410	Against this backdrop, PT delegates have, over the weekend, determined that, inside or out of prison, Mr. Lula is their best bet to capture the presidency. 
item3411	The party president even insists there is no Plan B, despite the considerable uncertainty over Mr. Lula being allowed to contest. 
item3412	Political opponents have sought to highlight the PTs lack of a second-line leadership as the reason for it desperately clinging to a compromised Mr. Lula. 
item3413	On the PTs own narrative, the two thousand sixteen impeachment of former President Dilma Rousseff was orchestrated by Opposition politicians who were facing criminal investigations. 
item3414	Her successor as President and the current incumbent, the centre-right Michel Temer, has been implicated on several charges of corruption and obstruction of justice. 
item3415	Few politicians have managed to escape the so-called Lava Jato, or Car Wash, investigations into misappropriation of public resources. 
item3416	Against this backdrop, the PT is clearly counting on Mr. Lulas proven popularity, especially during his tenure from two thousand three to two thousand eleven when he became a global icon for his brand of welfare economics. 
item3417	The centre-right Brazilian Social Democracy Party and the centrist Sustainability Network Party have nominated as their presidential candidates Geraldo and Silva, respectively. 
item3418	But Brazilians must wait a while longer for confirmation whether Mr. Lula will make it to the final race.
item3419	Around August fifteen every year, Indians tend to get more correct and prickly. 
item3420	The fifteenth is a precious day for us. We demand a salute to our state and status as a great independent nation. 
item3421	Any critique is summarily dismissed, often at the cost to our own understanding of the nation and its possibilities.
item3422	Consider a recent event. It was the sixteeth anniversary of the Tibetan arrival in India. It marked a great moment for India. 
item3423	Jawaharlal Nehru, defying the Chinese, offers refuge to the Dalai Lama and lets him set up his government in exile. It was a moment of hospitality and generosity.
item3424	Scarcely less infamous was the conduct of Walker. 
item3425	He was an aged priest of the Church of England, and was well known in the University of Oxford as a man of learning. 
item3426	He had in the late reign been suspected of leaning towards Popery, 
item3427	But had outwardly conformed to the established religion, and had at length been chosen Master of University College.
item3428	Soon after the accession of James, Walker determined to throw off the disguise which he had hitherto worn. 
item3429	He absented himself from the public worship of the Church of England, 
item3430	And, with some fellows and undergraduates whom he had perverted, heard mass daily in his own apartments. 
item3431	One of the first acts performed by the new Solicitor General was to draw up an instrument
item3432	Which authorised Walker and his proselytes to hold their benefices, notwithstanding their apostasy. 
item3433	Builders were immediately employed to turn two sets of rooms into an oratory. 
item3434	In a few weeks the Roman Catholic rites were publicly performed in University College.
item3435	A Jesuit was quartered there as chaplain. A press was established there under royal license for the printing of Roman Catholic tracts. 
item3436	During two years and a half, Walker continued to make war on Protestantism with all the rancour of a renegade: but when fortune turned he showed that he wanted the courage of a martyr. 
item3437	He was brought to the bar of the House of Commons to answer for his conduct, and was base enough to protest that he had never changed his religion, 
item3438	That he had never cordially approved of the doctrines of the Church of Rome, and that he had never tried to bring any other person within the pale of that Church. 
item3439	It was hardly worth while to violate the most sacred obligations of law and of plighted faith,for the purpose of making such converts as these.
