item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3318	Yet, it is also an opportunity to tap into a large labour pool for the new jobs that will be created, and to raise skill levels. 
item3319	Reducing the cost of universal health coverage is imperative, and it requires parallel investments in the neglected public sector. 
item3320	Private insurance can only be a short-term option, and it clearly has limitations. Less ethical institutions have been found ordering unnecessary treatments to claim insurance compensation. 
item3321	An ombudsman to deal with complaints from NHPM users should, therefore, be a priority.
item3322	The Centre should extend the scheme to all children and senior citizens, and cover out-patient consultation and essential drugs to sharply reduce out-of-pocket spending.
item3323	The life story of Karunanidhi is also a history of Tamil Nadu politics. 
item3324	A five-time Chief Minister, and the longest serving legislator, winning thirteen terms in the Assembly and not losing even once.
item3325	Karunanidhi was the engineer of many of the progressive measures adopted by the State since Independence. 
item3326	As the leader of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, an offshoot of the rationalist social reform movement, the Dravidar Kazhagam, 
item3327	He was an influential figure at both State and national levels, whether in or out of power. 
item3328	He excelled as both administrator and organiser, adopting different styles, but always displaying a clinical efficiency while interacting with bureaucrats and party workers. 
item3329	Although his administrative acumen was often contrasted with the welfarism of his political rival, M.G. Ramachandran, Karunanidhi was not beyond the draw of populism. 
item3330	Extending the Public Distribution System and increasing food subsidies were coupled with efforts at generating employment and encouraging industrial investment. 
item3331	Towards the latter part of his political career, he emulated his political opponents, MGR and Jayalalithaa, in handing out freebies indiscriminately to every household, rich or poor. 
item3332	He was a crusader for federalism, often standing up to the Centre for the States rights. He was one of the foremost opponents of the Emergency. 
item3333	In nineteen seventeen six and nineteen ninety one, his governments were dismissed by the Centre, the first time citing corruption charges, 
item3334	And the second time citing support to the terror outfit, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil.
item3335	In his home State, he ran the DMK with an iron hand; at the same time, he provided some space for the second rung, 
item3336	Even indulging the odd dissenter now and then, as long as there was no threat to his leadership. 
item3337	District secretaries and ministers had a long reign under him. His longevity permitted him the leeway to promote his immediate family members to positions of power within the party and the government. 
item3338	His designated successor, his younger son M.K. Stalin, had to work his way up the party ladder.
item3339	From ordinary worker and youth wing leader before being accommodated in the top rungs of the party and government. 
item3340	But elder son M.K. Alagiri and grand-nephew Dayanidhi Maran were rewarded with Cabinet berths in their very first terms in the Lok Sabha. 
item3341	Karunanidhi will be remembered for being an astute politician, one with a quick wit and ready repartee; 
item3342	An able administrator with an uncanny eye for detail and a keen sense of the occasion; and as an elder statesman who could take the long-term view of events and issues. 
item3343	The preliminary arrangements were now complete. 
item3344	There was a Solicitor General to argue for the dispensing power, and twelve Judges to decide in favour of it. 
item3345	The question was therefore speedily brought to a hearing. 
item3346	Sir Edward Hales, a gentleman of Kent, had been converted to Popery 
item3347	In days when it was not safe for any man of note openly to declare himself a Papist. 
item3348	He had kept his secret, and, when questioned, had affirmed that he was a Protestant with a solemnity which did little credit to his principles. 
item3349	When James had ascended the throne, disguise was no longer necessary. 
item3350	Sir Edward publicly apostatized, and was rewarded with the command of a regiment of foot.
item3351	He had held his commission more than three months without taking the sacrament. 
item3352	He was therefore liable to a penalty of five hundred pounds, which an informer might recover by action of debt. 
item3353	A menial servant was employed to bring a suit for this sum in the Court of King's Bench. 
item3354	Sir Edward did not dispute the facts alleged against him, 
item3355	But pleaded that he had letters patent authorising him to hold his commission notwithstanding the Test Act. 
item3356	The plaintiff demurred, that is to say, admitted Sir Edward's plea to be true in fact, but denied that it was a sufficient answer. 
item3357	Thus was raised a simple issue of law to be decided by the court.
