item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item4728	The greater concentration of capital allows the giant oligopolies to raise prices which takes more of a workers pay cheque. 
item4729	Fewer companies means workers have less choice of employers and so have less bargaining power. 
item4730	Anti-poaching and mandatory arbitration arrangements further weaken labours hand.
item4731	Moreover, the focus on short-term profits leads firms to use their capital to buy back shares.
item4732	Driving up share prices to benefit shareholders and top managers who have an increasing percentage of their compensation in company shares.
item4733	Take Germany as a contrast. Between two thousand two and two thousand eight, when the U.S. lost one-third of its manufacturing jobs, Germany lost a mere eleven percent. How could this be?
item4734	Since most German firms are privately owned, rather than buying back shares, they invested their capital in boosting their productivity. 
item4735	German firms include worker representatives on their corporate boards, invest in apprenticeship programmes, and in relevant research and development projects.
item4736	During the recession of two thousand eight-nine, instead of dismissing employees outright, German firms reduced work hours and helped retrain workers. 
item4737	They thus have a deep pool of skilled labour.
item4738	When computers and numerically controlled machines are progressively inducted into production, constant upgrading of labour skills is vital to preserve well-paying jobs.
item4739	Washington has made no systematic effort to upgrade skills. 
item4740	Tim Cook, the CEO of Apple, constantly emphasises that his company has shifted production to China not because labour is cheaper there but because it has a much wider pool of skilled labour than does the U.S.
item4741	Mr. Trump has neither the vision nor the inclination to address these structural problems of the U.S. economy. Like Don Quixote, Don Trump is merely tilting at windmills.
item4742	Why is history such an important school subject? And why does it not receive the importance it deserves? 
item4743	These two were among the major questions debated at a conference recently held in Kolkata. 
item4744	A brief answer to the second question is that history cannot compete with science subjects in the market that shapes and controls education today. 
item4745	Yet, history is an important subject because it moulds the outlook of the younger generation.
item4746	By turning the past into a narrative, history creates a public ethos and influences culture.
item4747	From architecture to film, and from ancient India to Partition, the Kolkata conference, organised by the History for Peace initiative of the Seagull Foundation for the Arts.
item4748	Covered a broad canvas to trace the complex relationship between history and culture.
item4749	I can think of few other gatherings where school teachers got a chance to discuss their classroom experience with scholars of history and culture. 
item4750	The history syllabus and textbooks have been at the heart of a deep political controversy in India. India is not alone in this respect. 
item4751	No country in the world is immune to debates about the past and how it should be presented to school children. 
item4752	To take just two instances, Americas discomfort with Hiroshima and Britains discomfort with Gandhi continue to be reflected in their school syllabi.
item4753	The meeting broke up; and what the Prince had said was in a few hours known all over London. That he must be King was now clear. 
item4754	The only question was whether he should hold the regal dignity alone or conjointly with the Princess. 
item4755	Halifax and a few other politicians, who saw in a strong light the danger of dividing the supreme executive authority, thought it desirable that, 
item4756	During William's life, Mary should be only Queen Consort and a subject. 
item4757	But this arrangement, though much might doubtless be said for it in argument, shocked the general feeling even of those Englishmen who were most attached to the Prince. 
item4758	His wife had given an unprecedented proof of conjugal submission and affection; 
item4759	And the very least return that could be made to her would be to bestow on her the dignity of Queen Regnant. 
item4760	William, one of the most zealous of the Prince's adherents, was so much exasperated that he sprang out of the bed to which he was confined by gout, 
item4761	And vehemently declared that he never would have drawn a sword in His Highness's cause if he had foreseen that so shameful an arrangement would be made. 
item4762	No person took the matter up so eagerly as Burnet. His blood boiled at the wrong done to his kind patroness. 
item4763	He expostulated vehemently with Ben, and begged to be permitted to resign the chaplainship. 
item4764	"While I am His Highness's servant," said the brave and honest divine, "it would be unseemly in me to oppose any plan which may have his countenance. 
item4765	I therefore desire to be set free, that I may fight the Princess's battle with every faculty that God has given me.
item4766	Ben prevailed on Brown to defer an open declaration of hostilities till William's resolution should be distinctly known. 
item4767	In a few hours the scheme which had excited so much resentment was entirely given up; 
item4768	And all those who considered James as no longer king were agreed as to the way in which the throne must be filled.
