item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2592	A recapture of the Kurdish areas by force is not a feasible option for the regime. 
item2593	Some two thousand U.S. soldiers are deployed in the Kurdish autonomous areas, and both Russia and Syria would prefer not to get into a direct exchange of fire with U.S. soldiers. 
item2594	However, a deal with the Kurds could upset Turkey, which sees Syrian Kurdish rebels as an extended arm of the Kurdistan Workers Party, which it calls terrorist. 
item2595	The Syrian regime therefore has to do a balancing act here, with support from Russia. 
item2596	In the battle for Deraa, Russia managed to convince the U.S., Jordan and Israel that the regimes capture of the province was the best-case scenario for the region. 
item2597	Likewise, it could bring the U.S. and Turkey into a larger diplomatic attempt to end the war in the east and the north, which would more or less stabilise Syria.
item2598	The ongoing crisis in Assam over the National Register of Citizens is largely the creation of the Supreme Court. 
item2599	The final draft list of citizens, published on July thirty , leaves out the names of approximately forty lakh residents of Assam. 
item2600	Although political leaders and the Supreme Court itself have assured everyone that this is only a draft and everyone will be given an opportunity.
item2601	To prove his or her citizenship in accordance with the law before any action is taken, this is unlikely to inspire much confidence given what has transpired thus far.
item2602	The recent history of the NRC can be traced to the public interest litigation filed in the Supreme Court by Assam Public Works 
item2603	Seeking the removal of illegal voters from the electoral rolls of Assam and the preparation of the NRC as required under the Citizenship Act, Nineteen Hundred Fifty Five and its rules. 
item2604	The NRC was supposed to be prepared as a consequence of the Assam Accord signed between the Union government and the All-Assam Students Union 
item2605	To end the agitation against outsiders, promising to identify and remove any foreigners from Assam who had entered the State after Nineteen Hundre Seventy One.
item2606	Though the first NRC was framed in Nineteen Hundre Fifty One, it and subsequent iterations were recognised.
item2607	To be faulty and the present exercise was supposed to be done in accordance with the two thousand three rules.
item2608	Though filed in Two Thousands and Nine, the case really picked up steam in Two Thousands and Thirteen as the Supreme Court directed the Union and State governments to speed up the process. 
item2609	A deadline of January Two Thousands and Sixteen was initially fixed to come up with the draft of the NRC though that was missed and after much delay, 
item2610	All Three point three crore residents of Assam were required to submit documents from a list prescribed by the government.
item2611	To prove that they were indeed citizens of India in accordance with the rules a process that has been fraught with complexity and confusion.
item2612	Given that citizenship is a legal fiction, established or denied in accordance with a procedure under law, 
item2613	One would have hoped that the Supreme Courts monitoring of the process would have ensured fairness and transparency. 
item2614	From the non-transparent family tree verification process, to the somewhat arbitrary rejection of the gram panchayat.
item2615	These are not minor errors. For instance, the supposedly robust family tree verification process has resulted in numerous instances of parents being on the draft list.
item2616	But children being left out precisely the kinds of errors which were supposed to be excluded. 
item2617	The division was taken on the question whether Middletons motion should be put. 
item2618	The Noes were ordered by the Speaker to go forth into the lobby.
item2619	They resented this much, and complained loudly of his servility and partiality: for they conceived that, according to the intricate and subtle rule which was then in force, 
item2620	And which, in our time, was superseded by a more rational and convenient practice, they were entitled to keep their seats; 
item2621	And it was held by all the Parliamentary tacticians of that age that the party which stayed in the House had an advantage over the party which went out;
item2622	For the accommodation on the benches was then so deficient that no person who had been fortunate enough to get a good seat was willing to lose it. 
item2623	Nevertheless, to the dismay of the ministers, many persons on whose votes the court had absolutely depended were seen moving towards the door. 
item2624	Among them was Charles Fox, Paymaster of the Forces, and son of Sir Stephen Fox, Clerk of the Green Cloth. 
item2625	The Paymaster had been induced by his friends to absent himself during part of the discussion. 
item2626	But his anxiety had become insupportable. 
item2627	He come down to the Speaker's chamber, heard part of the debate, withdrew, and, after hesitating for an hour or two 
item2628	Between conscience and five thousand pounds a year, took a manly resolution and rushed into the House just in time to vote. 
item2629	Two officers of the army, Colonel John Darcy, son of the Lord Conyers, and Captain James Kendall, withdrew to the lobby. 
item2630	Middleton went down to the bar and expostulated warmly with them. 
