item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item3480	He was suggesting that Gandhi had the moral imagination to gift Jinnah a stunning possibility. He was merely asking Jinnah to move beyond his pettiness. 
item3481	He was asking Nehru for a sacrifice beyond all his calibre and sacrifices. Looking back, one cannot discount the power of this possibility. 
item3482	In a futuristic sense, it might be Indias greatest gift to Pakistan, a vision of a united nation.
item3483	Nehru sacrifices his future and Jinnahs immediate greed becomes the glue in a moment of strife-torn politics. 
item3484	Consequently, there is no Partition. Pakistan does not become a military state. There is none of the idiocy of the genocide in Bangladesh.
item3485	Possibilities sound stupendous and the thinker is almost giddy. 
item3486	The Dalai Lama is merely invoking Gandhis plea, a plea that might have prevented two genocides. 
item3487	He is not condemning Nehru. He is only saying that Gandhis moral imagination transcended the conventional grids of history.The Dalai Lamas commentary is timely. 
item3488	He is asking a jingoistic nation state to think out of the box and create a situation where the ethical is experimental and theology goes beyond mere patriotic catechism.
item3489	The Dalai Lama, as a great teacher, is not only referring to a past as a forgotten fragment but he is also referring to the present and suggesting that the Gandhian conundrum has desperate relevance today. 
item3490	It could become the spiritual turning-point for rethinking Kashmir or even Assam. I am sure he knows that history cannot be reversed. 
item3491	I feel that like a Zen monk, he is ironically, tragically, asking if history has to be repeated so that genocide becomes an everyday way of life. 
item3492	Nehru and Gandhi would have grasped the point. I am not quite sure that the current regime peddling patriotism as a commodity would.
item3493	One must thank the Dalai Lama for his courage and the sheer relevance of his story. 
item3494	Exile along with spirituality makes his compassion more hard-headed. 
item3495	He is seeking imaginations beyond the current conventions of thought. 
item3496	There is a search for a realism which goes beyond the hard-hearted nationalism of today. 
item3497	He is suggesting that the national security state living on surveillance is too arid a concept. Compassion opens minds and opens us to the mind of the other. 
item3498	His was not a knee-jerk critique of Nehru, but he was imagining a Nehru beyond the current pantheons of Nehru ambushing history instead of being ambushed by it.
item3499	A Nehru who could have jump-started an unbelievable era of history. 
item3500	We could have had an alternative polity which would have been an experiment in pluralistic federalism. 
item3501	All the Dalai Lama is suggesting is that a playful civilisation like India must not be a blinded nation state. 
item3502	He is opening us to ideas that are futuristic and lifesaving. I think India needs to remaster the art of listening, the acuteness of debate and discourse from our spiritual past. 
item3503	We need to listen to the Dalai Lama. He was not insulting us or our hospitality. In fact, he was repaying it with gratitude, with laughter and humour, with sincerity.
item3504	The question is, will India respond? All he is suggesting is the civilisational creativity India showed to Tibetans as honoured refugees now be applied to Assam, the Rohingya. 
item3505	The temper of the nation was indeed such as might well make him hesitate. 
item3506	During some months discontent had been steadily and rapidly increasing. 
item3507	The celebration of the Roman Catholic worship had long been prohibited by Act of Parliament. 
item3508	During several generations no Roman Catholic clergyman had dared to exhibit himself in any public place with the badges of his office. 
item3509	Against the regular clergy, and against the restless and subtle Jesuits by name, had been enacted a succession of rigorous statutes. 
item3510	Every Jesuit who set foot in this country was liable to be hanged, drawn, and quartered. 
item3511	A reward was offered for hisdetection. He was not allowed to take advantage of the general rule, that men are not bound to accuse themselves. 
item3512	Whoever was suspected of being a Jesuit might be interrogated, and, if he refused to answer, might be sent to prison for life. 
item3513	These laws, though they had not, except when there was supposed to be some peculiar danger, been strictly executed, 
item3514	And though they had never prevented Jesuits from resorting to England, had made disguise necessary. 
item3515	But all disguise was now thrown off. Injudicious members of the King's Church, encouraged by him, took a pride in defying statutes 
item3516	Which were still of undoubted validity, and feelings which had a stronger hold of the national mind than at any former period. 
item3517	Roman Catholic chapels rose all over the country. Cowls, girdles of ropes, and strings of beads constantly appeared in the streets, 
item3518	And astonished a population, the oldest of whom had never seen a conventual garb except on the stage. 
item3519	A convent rose at Clerkenwell on the site of the ancient cloister of Saint John. 
item3520	The Franciscans occupied a mansion in Lincoln's Inn Fields. The Carmelites were quartered in the City. 
item3521	A society of Benedictine monks was lodged in Saint James's Palace. In the Savoy a spacious house, including a church and a school, was built for the Jesuits.
