item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item2874	Through no fault of its own, Frances talented squad has found itself in the middle of an ideological battle, which has mostly revolved around its alleged Africanness.
item2875	This debate has a long history. 
item2876	Back in the mid-nineteen ninetys, the French far-right made much of the fact that the national football team was not really French because it included so many black and brown players with diverse origins. 
item2877	The squad responded to these criticisms by winning the World Cup for France for the first time in nineteen ninety eight and giving rise to wild hopes that a self-consciously multicultural team would allow the French to embrace its complex heritage.
item2878	Unfortunately, this is not what happened. 
item2879	The far-right continued to grow, culminating in the shock presence of the openly racist Jean-Marie Le Pen in the second round of the presidential election in two thousand two.
item2880	At the same time, young French people of African, Caribbean and North African origin complained bitterly about discrimination, unemployment and institutional racism. 
item2881	This led to riots in two thousand five, when the countrys impoverished banlieues (suburbs) erupted into violence.
item2882	More recently, several French cities have been torn apart by terrorism as European followers of Islamic State 
item2883	Have decided to make an example of a country that, in the eyes of many radical Islamists, is uniquely hostile to Islam.
item2884	Not even football could redeem a fractured society. Zidanes infamous headbutt in the two thousand six World Cup final, the French teams embarrassing mutiny and early exit from the two thousand ten World Cup, 
item2885	And Karim's expulsion from the team in two thousand fifteen for blackmailing his fellow players only fanned the flames of those who claimed that the roots of Frances ills lay in its proliferation of ethnic minorities.
item2886	All of this meant that the French did not have very high expectations of their team in this World Cup. 
item2887	Few believed that another multi-ethnic melting pot of star players could solve the countrys problems and, 
item2888	Even after the French victory, no political commentator has been willing to bet on redemption through football. 
item2889	There is a keen awareness today that the steady trickle of critics who want to use the composition of the French football team as a platform for rampant xenophobia will soon return.
item2890	Imagine the surprise in France, then, when radical Twitter and late-night comedy shows started to turn this age-old accusation on its head. 
item2891	In particular, in a much-circulated segment of his enormously successful American TV show, South African comedian Trevor Noah openly congratulated the French by saying that Africa won the World Cup.
item2892	France players celebrate after winning the FIFA World Cup two thousand eighteen final against Croatia in Moscow on July fifteen, two thousand eighteen.
item2893	The response was instantaneous. A whole raft of people especially in France accused Noah of racism, 
item2894	And even the French Ambassador to the U.S. was moved to write a letter to the comedian to tell him that his comments threatened the integrity of the French Republic. 
item2895	Noah replied by saying that the French should learn to embrace their multiple identities and recognise their colonial heritage.
item2896	This awkward stand-off reflects a well-known peculiarity of French political culture, namely the French states formal commitment to a colour-blind republican philosophy of integration.
item2897	That consigns questions of race and religion to the private sphere. 
item2898	It is the same logic that led the French state in two thousand three to ban the wearing of the Islamic headscarf and other religious symbols in French state schools.
item2899	Jeffreys was appointed High Steward. He selected thirty Triers; 
item2900	And the selection was characteristic of the man and of the times. 
item2901	All the thirty were in politics vehemently opposed to the prisoner. 
item2902	Fifteen of them were colonels of regiments, and might be removed from their lucrative commands at the pleasure of the King. 
item2903	Among the remaining fifteen were the Lord Treasurer, the principal Secretary of State, the Steward of the Household, 
item2904	The Comptroller of the Household, the Captain of the Band of Gentlemen Pensioners, the Queen's Chambe, 
item2905	And other persons who were bound by strong ties of interest to the court. 
item2906	Nevertheless, Del had some great advantages over the humbler culprits who had been arraigned at the Old Bailey. 
item2907	There the jurymen, violent partisans, taken for a single day by courtly Sheriffs from the mass of society and speedily sent back to mingle with that mass, 
item2908	Were under no restraint of shame, and being little accustomed to weigh evidence, followed without scruple the directions of the bench. 
item2909	But in the High Steward's Court every Trier was a man of some experience in grave affairs. 
item2910	Every Trier filled a considerable space in the public eye. 
item2911	Every Trier, beginning from the lowest, had to rise separately and to give in his verdict, on his honour, before a great concourse. 
item2912	That verdict, accompanied with his name, would go to every part of the world, and would live in history. 
item2913	Moreover, though the selected nobles were all Tories, and almost all placemen, many of them had begun to look 
item2914	With uneasiness on the King's proceedings, and to doubt whether the case of Del might not soon be their own.
