item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item0717	The proposed per share price includes ten dollars cash and two dollars of unspecified securities 
item0718	The companies are followed by at least three analysts and had a minimum five cent change in actual earnings per share 
item0719	Eager to minimize unfavorable comparisons Mr. takeshita has crisscrossed the globe cultivating leaders in countries big and small 
item0720	As many employers are the big broker is ending a defined benefit plan that provided pensions based on salary and years of service 
item0721	Traders expect a ten -hyphen year issue to total between one billion marks (left-paren five hundred ninety three point one million dollars )right-paren and one point five billion marks .Period 
item0722	The nikkei index added eighty point oh six points to finish at twenty eight thousand ,comma two hundred nine point four two .Period 
item0723	A second proposal said to be before the board would eliminate all program trading using the superdot system 
item0724	The state tries to win back the young with scouting and holiday camps .Period 
item0725	"double-quote the Japanese firms ,comma including ourselves ,comma have been good members of the primary dealer community ,comma "double-quote said toshio mori ,comma chairman of nikko's U.S. unit .Period 
item0726	Two issues began trading over the counter recently .Period 
item0727	Burnup &ampersand sims has interests in telecommunications and soft drinks ,comma among other things .Period 
item0728	As in the U.S. offerings in Britain can't be made without dull documents crammed with financial statements and carefully worded caveats 
item0729	Underwriters led by Merrill Lynch capital markets tentatively priced a proposed one hundred ninety six point seven million dollar offering of mortgage revenue bonds by the california housing finance agency 
item0730	There are two issues to consider 
item0731	The task force report isn't all bad 
item0732	Dillard department stores incorporated is offering fifty million dollars of twelve -hyphen year ,comma eight percent notes ,comma priced at ninety nine and one quarter .Period 
item0733	The issue is non -hyphen callable for five years and was priced at a yield spread eighty basis points above the ten -hyphen year treasury note .Period 
item0734	They want independence someone who has a sense of direction and purpose and who identifies with them 
item0735	The mid july increase came even though auto makers are offering incentives on fewer cars this year than they did last year or earlier this year 
item0736	The government's nine and one half percent bonds due nineteen ninety eight declined to ninety four and five eighths bid to yield ten point three seven percent .Period 
item0737	"double-quote it doesn't make me ,comma as a shareholder ,comma comfortable with what is happening in the company .Period "double-quote 
item0738	The fund previously opposed only new loans to the South African government ,comma specifically the police and military ,comma the spokesman said .Period 
item0739	A trial on the suit has been scheduled for next monday .Period 
item0740	After twenty seven years it says 
item0741	When the federal pension insurer stepped in this fund had just seven thousand seven hundred dollars in it to meet two hundred thirty million dollars in obligations 
item0742	Well, all through the circus they done the most astonishing things; and all the time that clown carried on so it most killed the people.  
item0743	The ringmaster couldn't ever say a word to him but he was back at him quick as a wink with the funniest things a body ever said; 
item0744	and how he ever _could_ think of so many of them, and so sudden and so pat, was what I couldn't noway understand. 
item0745	Why, I couldn't a thought of them in a year. 
item0746	And by and by a drunk man tried to get into the ring and said he wanted to ride; said he could ride as well as anybody that ever was.  
item0747	They argued and tried to keep him out, but he wouldn't listen, and the whole show come to a standstill.  
item0748	Then the people begun to holler at him and make fun of him, and that made him mad, and he begun to rip and tear; 
item0749	So that stirred up the people, and a lot of men begun to pile down off of the benches and swarm towards the ring, saying, "Knock him down! throw him out!" 
item0750	And one or two women begun to scream.  
item0751	So, then, the ringmaster he made a little speech, and said he hoped there wouldn't be no disturbance, and if the man would promise he wouldn't make no more trouble 
item0752	He would let him ride if he thought he could stay on the horse.
item0753	So everybody laughed and said all right, and the man got on. 
item0754	The minute he was on, the horse begun to rip and tear and jump and cavort around, with two circus men hanging on to his bridle trying to hold him, 
item0755	And the drunk man hanging on to his neck, and his heels flying in the air every jump, and the whole crowd of people standing up shouting and laughing till tears rolled down.  
item0756	And at last, sure enough, all the circus men could do, the horse broke loose, and away he went like the very nation, round and round the ring,
item0757	With that sot laying down on him and hanging to his neck, with first one leg hanging most to the ground on one side, and then t'other one on t'other side, and the people just crazy.  
item0758	It warn't funny to me, though; I was all of a tremble to see his danger.  
item0759	But pretty soon he struggled up astraddle and grabbed the bridle, a-reeling this way and that; and the next minute he sprung up and dropped the bridle and stood! and the horse a-going like a house afire too.  
item0760	He just stood up there, a-sailing around as easy and comfortable as if he was not ever drunk in his life and then he begun to pull off his clothes and sling them.  
item0761	He shed them so thick they kind of clogged up the air, and altogether he shed seventeen suits. 
item0762	And, then, there he was, slim and handsome, and dressed the gaudiest and prettiest you ever saw, and he lit into that horse with his whip and made him fairly humble and finally skipped off, 
item0763	And made his bow and danced off to the dressing-room, and everybody just a-howling with pleasure and astonishment.