item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item0217	Even a stronger dollar and lower commodity prices failed to inspire confidence in the bond market .Period 
item0218	The company said it reduced a reserve for such a settlement to eighteen million dollars from thirty five million dollars .Period 
item0219	Consequently ,comma lloyd's and some brokers may be forced to increase their share of the settlement payment .Period 
item0220	"double-quote we do not see any major banks beyond maybe one ,comma or perhaps two ,comma that we might have a problem with ,comma "double-quote he said .Period 
item0221	"double-quote but that isn't necessarily so .Period "double-quote 
item0222	Yields on long term bonds after dropping as low as seven point eight three percent early last week are back up above eight percent 
item0223	These changes aroused unorthodoxed opposition and sometimes government intervention 
item0224	What can the federal reserve do now ?question-mark 
item0225	"double-quote we made a strong bid (left-paren for tyson -hyphen biggs )right-paren ,comma and he outbid us drastically ,comma "double-quote says caesars' Mr. halloran .Period 
item0226	"double-quote in some cases ,comma we don't .Period "double-quote 
item0227	The philadelphia based concern develops and designs advanced telecommunications systems 
item0228	Traders say the bundesbank did this when the dollar strengthened in late july and early august 
item0229	But in each case ,comma he suggests ,comma "double-quote it's up to the counsel -dash he certainly has the powers .Period "double-quote 
item0230	A final report is due in december .Period 
item0231	The policy needed for this will be further developed 
item0232	But they've made no commitment to me nor I to them .Period "double-quote 
item0233	We look for higher than standard returns Mr. sperling says 
item0234	The spokesman said the company isn't the object of a takeover effort .Period 
item0235	The tokyo stock exchange first section index fell six point nine seven points to close at two thousand ,comma one hundred fifty five point seven oh .Period 
item0236	A cook prepares the dog chow .Period 
item0237	Anthem shares closed yesterday at thirteen point one two five dollars ,comma up twelve point five cents ,comma in New York stock exchange composite trading .Period 
item0238	American standard said it is very pleased by black and decker's withdrawal 
item0239	The economic planning board which announced the measures said the government's goal is to hold inflation below five percent this year 
item0240	Yesterday's action didn't affect a fourth L.T.V. plan the pension agency took over in september nineteen eighty six 
item0241	But U.S. majors known to be in on the negotiations denied signing contracts or declined to comment .Period 
item0242	The object of our desire is necessarily first conceived by us as bearing some relation to existing circumstances, which may, or may not, appear favourable to it; 
item0243	And what we want to do is to eliminate the element of contingency and attain something which is certain in itself. 
item0244	To do this is to work upon the plane of the absolute, and for this purpose we must endeavour to impress upon our subjective mind the idea of that which we desire quite apart from any conditions. 
item0245	This separation from the elements of condition implies the elimination of the idea of _time_, and consequently we must think of the thing as already in actual existence.
item0246	Unless we do this we are not consciously operating upon the plane of the absolute, and are therefore not employing the creative power of our thought. 
item0247	The simplest practical method of gaining the habit of thinking in this manner is to conceive the existence in the spiritual world of a spiritual prototype of every existing thing, which becomes the root of the corresponding external existence. 
item0248	If we thus habituate ourselves to look on the spiritual prototype as the essential being of the thing, and the material form as the growth of this prototype into outward expression, 
item0249	Then we shall see that the initial step to the production of any external fact must be the creation of its spiritual prototype. 
item0250	This prototype, being purely spiritual, can only be formed by the operation of _thought_, and in order to have substance on the spiritual plane it _must_ be thought of as actually existing there. 
item0251	This conception has been elaborated by Plato in his doctrine of archetypal ideas, and by Swedenborg in his doctrine of correspondences; 
item0252	And a still greater teacher has said "All things whatsoever ye pray and ask for, believe that ye _have_ received them, and ye _shall_ receive them."
item0253	The difference of the tenses in this passage is remarkable. 
item0254	The speaker bids us first to believe that our desire _has_ already been fulfilled, that it is a thing already accomplished, and then its accomplishment _will_ follow as a thing in the future. 
item0255	This is nothing else than a concise direction for making use of the creative power of thought by impressing upon the universal subjective mind the particular thing which we desire as an already existing fact. 
item0256	In following this direction we are thinking on the plane of the absolute and eliminating from our minds all consideration of conditions, which imply limitation and the possibility of adverse contingencies; 
item0257	And we are thus planting a seed which, if left undisturbed, will infallibly germinate into external fruition.