item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item0134	The New York pharmaceutical and consumer products concern said the rate reflects the board's confidence in the continuing strength and growth of the business 
item0135	But that proposal is given a smaller chance of passing the board the sources said 
item0136	"double-quote I couldn't wait to go back ,comma "double-quote he says .Period 
item0137	A minute later ,comma she was gone .Period 
item0138	Also since military contracts between jerusalem and pretoria are secret and it isn't known whether the pacts contain renewal clauses it will be difficult to monitor israeli compliance 
item0139	And that's a big improvement 
item0140	A new candidate to replace the fed head is treasury undersecretary george gould .Period 
item0141	Completion of the transaction ,comma which also requires approval by regulatory agencies and holders of other securities ,comma must be completed no later than november thirtieth under the agreement .Period 
item0142	Witnesses said the jet veered before a wing hit the ground .Period 
item0143	A may meeting in south America on drug issues falls through ,comma but it may be rescheduled for july .Period 
item0144	What isn't known is that sanctions have cost just two small parts of the U.S. economy more than six hundred million dollars since nineteen eighty five .Period 
item0145	But most reinsurance contracts don't transfer investment risk -dash the risk of failing to earn enough to pay the promised rates .Period 
item0146	Banca commerciale called the fed's requirements unacceptable and dropped its bid 
item0147	Bondholders have the option on february fifteenth ,comma nineteen ninety three ,comma to put the bonds back to the company at par .Period 
item0148	Trading volume was about eight hundred fifty million shares .Period 
item0149	There were four hundred eighty two declining issues three hundred forty nine advancing and one hundred ninety eight unchanged 
item0150	And in chongqing ,comma officials unveiled a monument to recall Japanese air raids on the city ,comma which was the nationalist chinese capital during much of the war .Period 
item0151	The tokyo stock exchange's first section index fell one point seven eight points to close at two thousand one hundred two point five five 
item0152	As previously reported ,comma warner and lorimar agreed in may to merge in a stock swap valued at about six hundred forty million dollars .Period 
item0153	But as its former customers left college ,comma cut their hair and climbed the corporate ladder ,comma the company began to flounder .Period 
item0154	Douglas )right-paren can bring in the deficit at the same proportion of G.D.P. with the tax scales unchanged and G.S.T the same ,comma "double-quote he said .Period 
item0155	The offering will comprise seven hundred sixty seven million dollars of bonds due november second and six hundred thirty eight million dollars of bonds maturing next february first 
item0156	Chicago magazine has annual revenue of about thirteen million dollars and is operating at about break even metropolitan detroit officials said 
item0157	A week ago ,comma guinness P.L.C. said it will seek shareholder approval for a buy -hyphen back of as much as ten percent of its shares .Period 
item0158	The department initially reported that october home sales dropped one point five percent .Period 
item0159	We have now paved the way for understanding what is meant by "the unity of the spirit." 
item0160	In the first conception of spirit as the underlying origin of all things we see a universal substance which, at this stage, is not differentiated into any specific forms. 
item0161	This is not a question of some bygone time, but subsists at every moment of all time in the _innermost_ nature of all being; 
item0162	And when we see this, we see that the division between one specific form and another has below it a deep essential unity,
item0163	Which acts as the supporter of all the several forms of individuality arising out of it. 
item0164	And as our thought penetrates deeper into the nature of this all-producing spiritual substance we see that it cannot be limited to any one portion of space, but must be limitless as space itself,
item0165	And that the idea of any portion of space where it is not is inconceivable. 
item0166	It is one of those intuitive perceptions from which the human mind can never get away that this primordial, all-generating living spirit must be commensurate with infinitude,
item0167	And we can therefore never think of it otherwise than as universal or infinite. 
item0168	Now it is a mathematical truth that the infinite must be a unity. 
item0169	You cannot have two infinites, for then neither would be infinite, each would be limited by the other, nor can you split the infinite up into fractions. 
item0170	The infinite is mathematically essential unity.
item0171	This is a point on which too much stress cannot be laid, for there follow from it the most important consequences. 
item0172	Unity, as such, can be neither multiplied nor divided, for either operation destroys the unity. 
item0173	By multiplying, we produce a plurality of units of the same scale as the original; and by dividing, we produce a plurality of units of a smaller scale; and a plurality of units is not unity but multiplicity. 
item0174	Therefore if we would penetrate below the outward nature of the individual to that innermost principle of his being from which his individuality takes its rise, we can do so only by passing beyond the conception of individual existence into that of the unity of universal being. 
item0175	This may appear to be a merely philosophical abstraction, but the student who would produce practical results must realize that these abstract generalizations are the foundation of the practical work he is going to do.