item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item0345	But he warned of "double-quote additional confrontation "double-quote if no progress was made on farm issues that are "double-quote on the front burner .Period "double-quote 
item0346	"double-quote duty ,comma persistence ,comma independence .Period 
item0347	"double-quote there is an atmosphere of distrust through the ministry ,comma "double-quote says Mr. miranda ,comma who now gives french lessons here .Period 
item0348	"double-quote I was startled ...ellipsis startled isn't the word ,comma "double-quote reacted alvin novick ,comma a biology professor at yale university .Period 
item0349	The overall gain the fifth in the past seven months followed a revised four point one percent increase in february 
item0350	And when business turns down ,comma companies can avoid firing full -hyphen time staff .Period 
item0351	The market's strength may show that demand isn't all a creation of incentives 
item0352	"double-quote soliciting bids in this particular industry is not the way to go ,comma "double-quote a U. N. spokesman says ,comma implying that it is futile .Period 
item0353	Anthem electronics incorporated said it sold one point six million common shares at thirteen dollars each .Period 
item0354	Anglo ,comma based in New York ,comma currently has about ten million shares outstanding .Period 
item0355	Bally's drive into the hotel -hyphen casino industry has made health clubs an increasingly awkward fit ,comma analysts said ,comma and thus the most likely candidate for divestiture .Period 
item0356	The company declined to identify the bidders but said it received offers in the high forty dollars per share 
item0357	Estimates are that non -hyphen farm payrolls rose about one hundred fifty eight thousand last month and that the civilian unemployment rate was unchanged at five point three percent .Period 
item0358	But no I wouldn't have done anything differently 
item0359	There's nothing sexy about it .Period 
item0360	The minneapolis minnesota based company said the offering will begin in september but it hasn't set a record date or price 
item0361	The dow jones industrials slid thirty four point five oh ,comma to two thousand ,comma one hundred eight point four six .Period 
item0362	Another reason Mr. soifer is avoiding morgan and citicorp is that their stock prices at times have tended to gyrate more violently than other bank issues 
item0363	"double-quote there are a lot of people in kansas city who have turned their backs on them .Period 
item0364	Although westinghouse has supplied six nuclear plants to korea it didn't release the technical skills to us to do it ourselves next time 
item0365	The two financial services concerns said they previously agreed to end the agreement if the transaction wasn't completed by march twenty fourth nineteen eighty seven 
item0366	Better to drop it directly on seoul 
item0367	But while the budget gave a boost to the markets ,comma it also presaged greater austerity for the nation as a whole .Period 
item0368	The government predicts spending for plant and machinery will grow twenty five percent this year up from nine point eight percent last year 
item0369	Volume rose to an estimated one billion shares from an estimated seven hundred fifty million shares on thursday .Period 
item0370	The preceding pages have made the student in some measure aware of the immense importance of our dealings with the sub-conscious mind. 
item0371	Our relation to it, whether on the scale of the individual or the universal, is the key to all that we are or ever can be. 
item0372	In its unrecognized working it is the spring of all that we can call the automatic action of mind and body, and on the universal scale it is the silent power of evolution gradually working onwards to that "divine event, 
item0373	To which the whole creation moves"; and by our conscious recognition of it we make it,relatively to ourselves, all that we believe it to be. The closer our_rapport_ with it becomes, the more what we have hitherto considered automatic action, whether in our bodies or our circumstances, will pass under our control, 
item0374	Until at last we shall control our whole individual world. 
item0375	Since, then, this is the stupendous issue involved, the question how we are to put ourselves practically in touch with the sub-conscious mind is a very important one. 
item0376	Now the clue which gives us the right direction is to be found in the _impersonal_ quality of sub-conscious mind of which I have spoken. 
item0377	Not impersonal as lacking the _elements_ of personality; nor even,in the case of individual subjective mind, as lacking the sense of individuality; 
item0378	But impersonal in the sense of not recognizing the particular external relations which appear to the objective mind to constitute its personality, 
item0379	And having a realization of itself quite independent of them. 
item0380	If, then, we would come in touch with it we must meet it on its own ground. 
item0381	It can see things only from the deductive standpoint,and therefore cannot take note of the inductive standpoint from which we construct the idea of our external personality; 
item0382	And accordingly if we would put ourselves in touch with it, we cannot do so by bringing it down to the level of the external and non-essential but only by rising to its own level on the plane of the interior and essential. 
item0383	How can this be done? Let two well-known writers answer. 
item0384	Rudyard Kipling tells us in his story of "Kim" how the boy used at times to lose his sense of personality by repeating to himself the question, _Who_ is Kim? 
item0385	Gradually his personality would seem to fade and he would experience a feeling of passing into a grander and a wider life, in which the boy Kim was unknown, while his own conscious individuality remained, 
item0386	Only exalted and expanded to an inconceivable extent; and in Tennyson's life by his son we are told that at times the poet had a similar experience. 
item0387	We come into touch with the absolute exactly in proportion as we withdraw ourselves from the relative: they vary inversely to each other.