item0000	Tradition requires parental approval for under-age marriage.
item0001	The clumsy customer spilled some expensive perfume. 
item0002	Grand auto slid three to fifteen and one eighth on the American Stock Exchange 
item0003	The company which runs retail automotive stores told Shearson Lehman Brothers its financial adviser to terminate discussions to sell the firm 
item0004	She had your dark suit in greasy wash water all year. 
item0005	Don't ask me to carry an oily rag like that.
item0635	A spokeswoman for donaldson lufkin denied to comment on the matter .Period 
item0636	The price for the citicorp unit was about one hundred million dollars the sources add in line with earlier estimates 
item0637	The thing that motivates wall street is short term earnings results and they're just not there he says 
item0638	Until recently ,comma officials ruled out major changes in the law .Period 
item0639	A sharp drop in operating profit from the broadcasting group's production company contributed to the slightly lower operating earnings overall for that segment 
item0640	An election to choose convention delegates would be like a special election to pick a new congress .Period 
item0641	A pillsbury spokesman said burger king sales in the fiscal fourth quarter have been "double-quote flat .Period "double-quote 
item0642	"double-quote a successful ad campaign will drive sales ,comma and we don't see that happening .Period "double-quote 
item0643	A client yesterday who had bought a new car couldn't drive it off the lot he says because she was unable to insure it 
item0644	A senior administration official however called the gorbachev statement a watershed event because it will increase expectations among Soviet people for withdrawal 
item0645	Can this be an expression of the "double-quote new consensus "double-quote on welfare that we hear so much of these days ?question-mark 
item0646	But with congress insisting on hashing over the defense budget year by year ,comma the services ,comma unlike most businesses ,comma often buy a few items at a time .Period 
item0647	A decision in the winans case may help define securities fraud by misappropriation .Period 
item0648	Despite all this ,comma the new S. E.C. chairman says he can handle the challenges facing the agency .Period 
item0649	Ad agencies are mad 
item0650	Demand for farm exports rose .Period 
item0651	The offers indicate a total price for the company exceeding eight hundred million dollars based on seventeen point two million shares outstanding 
item0652	A gold option could be a nice alternative for fixed income investors should inflation fears arise Mr. timbers says 
item0653	"double-quote it has caused the congress to become moribund and unable to accomplish anything .Period "double-quote 
item0654	Using a measure that counts the military among the employed the rate was unchanged at six point six percent last month 
item0655	Edward kennedy ,comma a rockwell spokesman ,comma said many of those working on the shuttle in palmdale will be those currently constructing b. -hyphen one b. aircraft .Period 
item0656	Each dog needs a trainer .Period 
item0657	Even this recovery was lost in nineteen thirty eight when G. N. P. fell six point four percent 
item0658	The loans run for years ,comma compared with the six -hyphen month limit on settlements of most official margin transactions .Period 
item0659	Too much focus is placed on reduction of cross country loans Mr. meyerman said 
item0660	They had pictures hung on the walls mainly Washingtons and Columbia, and battles, and Highland Marys, and one called "Signing the Declaration." 
item0661	There was some that they called crayons, which one of the daughters which was dead made her own self when she was only fifteen years old.  
item0662	They was different from any pictures I ever see before blacker, mostly, than is common.  
item0663	One was a woman in a slim black dress, belted small under the armpits, with bulges like a cabbage in the middle of the sleeves, 
item0664	And a large black scoop-shovel bonnet with a black veil, and white slim ankles crossed about with black tape, and very wee black slippers, like a chisel, 
item0665	And she was leaning pensive on a tombstone on her right elbow, under a weeping willow, and her other hand hanging down her side holding a white handkerchief and a reticule,
item0666	And underneath the picture it said "Shall I Never See Thee More Alas."
item0667	Another one was a young lady with her hair all combed up straight to the top of her head, and knotted there in front of a comb like a chair back, 
item0668	And she was crying into a handkerchief and had a dead bird laying on its back in her other hand with its heels up, 
item0669	And underneath the picture it said "I Shall Never Hear Thy Sweet Chirrup More Alas."
item0670	There was one where a young lady was at a window looking up at the moon, and tears running down her cheeks; 
item0671	And she had an open letter in one hand with black sealing wax showing on one edge of it, 
item0672	And she was mashing a locket with a chain to it against her mouth, and underneath the picture it said "And Art Thou Gone Yes Thou Art Gone Alas."  
item0673	These was all nice pictures, I reckon, but I didn't somehow seem to take to them, because if ever I was down a little they always give me the fan-tods.  
item0674	Everybody was sorry she died, because she had laid out a lot more of these pictures to do, and a body could see by what she had done what they had lost.  
item0675	But I reckoned that with her disposition she was having a better time in the graveyard.  
item0676	She was at work on what they said was her greatest picture when she took sick, and every day and every night it was her prayer to be allowed to live till she got it done, but she never got the chance.